This article was a sort of fascination that compliments the topic for my final of fear in technology and the impact it can have on our future. The idea of artificial superintelligence taking over our daily lives and evolved past our understanding is definitely a concern yet curious space to explore. It is interesting to know how much further we can develop our technology and the power we can harness from it, but out of safety we should our prepare the inevitable doom if that power consumes us. In this space it is like playing with fire.


ASI or artificial super intelligence is a concept of intelligence far exceeding our capabilities in all aspects in which we fall into their management of our society. As of right now we do not have something like that, but human’s curiousity could reach potentially reach that point. Currently, our normal AI are programmed to mimic and perceive present day human interaction, but the thought of an ASI can be intimidating. At first glance it would sound great and convenient for ASI to design and engineer more efficient machinery to make our daily lives better. However, just like their comparison to aliens, to would be like an imagination of human form with super intelligence that designs our future for us. 


Personally, I believe we will reach a point that is possible for ASI because of our greed and gluttony for convenience and laziness, to never work and gain all profit. However, I do have belief in human society to never allow machinery to surpass us. So far, the types of AI and computing were designed to only work for us to a success. SIRI and ALEXA have been a great use to many people that own an iPhone and a smart home system for their daily usage. I personally ask SIRI for the weather every morning to decide what I should wear for the day.


Khan concludes with an idea to bridge this unknown space and work together to make “interstellar leaps” to our future. I really enjoyed this idea because it gives a positive perspective on ASI and that instead of being threatened by its existence, we can co-exist to keep up to its “super intelligence” and further advance the human race or Earth. Hopefully in a eco-friendly pathway and being more efficient with our resources and materials.
