In <i>Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintellegence</i> Nora Kahn discusses the future of humankind as we develop Artificial Superintellegence or ASI. In her argument, Kahn often relates to Nick Bostrom, a philosopher and author of <i> Superintellegence: Path, Dangers and Strategies </i>whose entire book’s objective is “devoted to painting what the future could look like if a mechanic entity that hasn’t yet been built, does come to be”.
<br><br>
Kahn argues that ASI would be capable of knowing all the information that ever was, is and could be. ASI can be used as a guide to engineer new machines or develop new medicines, the possibilities are endless. While this may sound like an ideal “robot”, we must also remember that if ASIs would be built to have human-like cognition, including impulses such as empathy and a conscience, there could be consequences. Any biological or non biological being with those traits will not be satisfied being a slave to humankind, they could eventually disobey and rebel; much like the movie <i>I, Robot</i>. 
<br><br>
Ten years ago, we would see a person at the grocery store talking on the phone through bluetooth and we would think “is that person talking to me or themselves?”. Today bluetooth devices are so common we no longer question a person who appears that they are talking to themselves. Our mentality has already changed in a short period of time. Siri, Echo Alexa, Tesla, Google Assistant are all examples of our current AI which are preparing us for the next generation of computers; voice activated and self-learning. I constantly use my Echo Alexa to tell me the weather so I can figure out how to dress, or to tell me how bad traffic is so I can leave on time. My iphone, through GPS access, has learned my weekly schedule and anticipates my next move and lets me know the traffic.
<br><br>
I think that an ASI would develop further on these current AI by allowing them to be self activated. The ASI would wake us up, tell us the weather and what is best to wear, then remind us that we better leave the house now or we will be late, oh and don’t forget to buy your coworker that birthday gift you’ve been eyeing on Amazon, if you order now it’ll get here on time. This is the way computers are  heading with ASI; allowing humans to live a more organized, worry free life, so we have more time to enjoy the little human things. 
