Reading 9 Towards a Poetics of Artificial Super Intelligence<br>

<br>This reading reminds me of a game of creating life or in this case A.I. The game I called Conway’s Game of life in it The Game of Life, also known simply as Life, is a cellular automaton devised by the British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970. The game is a zero-player game, meaning that its evolution is determined by its initial state, requiring no further input. One interacts with the Game of Life by creating an initial configuration and observing how it evolves, or, for advanced players, by creating patterns with properties. This game crates a pattern over time by the rules of the game. Its patterns are ever changing into a life scenario that references over population and death new life and sustained community all in three rules. <br>
<br>When these rules are applied to the learning patterns of A.I. the computer creates a pattern and the final form of this pattern is a repeated puzzle after about 10,000 moves are so. It doses much like the reading and takes pieces of the pattern to make slowly the ultimate pattern which references the final version of learning the A.I. can do. All games of life form this pattern and all life must follow this pattern to sustain and flourish. Take this and implement it to the learning  patterns of A.I. and how we teach them to lean and we get a ultimate learning pattern for A.I. that uses mathematical concept to receive knowledge through time and space. Yea it’s a lot… this concept reminds me a lot of the reading on A.I. and its complexities.  From the reading one passage makes me think of this passage one that references the Artificial Super Intelligence is one that makes it stand out from human intervention. “We might conceive of a strong, fully realized ASI being much like this overwhelming, massive and approaching force. A mature ASI likely won’t change its final goals due to human intervention. In fact, it would probably be indifferent to human action, intention and existence. It adjusts, creating and manipulating scenarios in which its specialized goal system can find completion. It remains on the horizon, at a distance from humankind, consuming energy and resources, morphing according to its own unpredictable logic. It might approach the city, it might not. A human observes the hurricane of ASI, which can only be prepared for, charted, tracked.” This brings the A.S.I. out of the control of the human who created it which is one of the fears when the Game of Life is applied to A.I. theorists fear that that at the point where they intelligence Transends humans we will lose control of it and it will gain control of us. Unlike the omnipresence of the A.S.I where it seem like it cares about us as much as our computer cares about our cat; they real life implications of Self-aware A.I. is always seen as negative or destructive to humans. This counter to the A.I. growth is taken as a preneces in the reading more than in the game of life where the goal is repeating the pattern by any means. To put it into context the game is to live by any means. 

