Nora Khan’s “Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence” expands upon the ideas of philosopher Nick Bostrom, who elaborates his ideas of what the future of artificial superintelligence might become or progress to. Bostrom utilizes and emphasizes metaphors to explain the ASIs and how they will progress in the future. Khan explores such metaphors throughout her article. These metaphors include: hurricane, architect, sovereign, frontline, star system, agent, search party, and scaffolding. Khan uses these metaphors to explain how ASIs will develop and change our society. 

Looking at our current state of artificial intelligence compared to ASIs shows that they are on two completely different levels. The current artificial intelligence level is not what we, as a collective society, want it to be at. Khan elaborates that what we are looking for in artificial intelligence is anything a human could do. This includes learning, being able to reason, and to improve. However, current artificial intelligence cannot reason nor can it improve without human interference. I believe with enough progression of time (as with anything), we can achieve a standard level of artificial intelligence that we approve of and from that point we could advance to creating ASIs. I assume, ASIs are supposed to be capable of doing better and more efficient things than humans could, despite being made and created by humans. 

ASIs could potentially change our society as a whole. I am wary of AI because how does it reason and improve itself? How does one exactly program what morals are right and wrong, and how to better itself from a mistake? ASIs seem like this perfected version of AI. On one hand, ASIs could research and go into places human minds could and would not fathom. But on the other hand, ASIs could turn against their own creators or be so obsessed with completing an objective that we give it that it could go utterly wrong. But I think in order to have the development or even the conceptual idea of ASIs we should work and develop AI so we can better comprehend what truly makes us able to be human. 

With the production or development of ASIs, it will change our society. I presume it will change our perception of technology and how we, as a species, understand and control said technology. In this way I think the ASIs could potentially outsmart or deceive us because of it being (theoretically) beyond human capabilities. Currently, artificial intelligence has already changed and reshaped the way we use our computes, tablets, and phones. With personal digital assistants that talk back to you such as Siri, Alexa, and Cortana to list a few. I believe with the improvement of said AIs we could potentially have more advanced or interactive technology that will push us forward towards ASIs.  
