<p>After reading Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence by Nora, my impression of artificial intelligence is originally a robot with special functions that meet and satisfy some of our special requests and needs. Although they are not conscious and completely under the control of human beings, they can accomplish many tasks with relative precision. Also, I think it could be a humanoid robot. Among all kinds of literature, film and television, and game works, robots with autonomy are almost always necessary for science fiction.
Our imagination of artificial superintelligence is probably like our imagination of the aliens. We think that artificial superintelligence could be imagined because it has not existed at all. The article mentions this point. What we think of artificial superintelligence is based on our perception of the world, and based on our way of thinking as well. When things are in an unknown area, there could be the same possibility of benefits and barriers happen. Once the artificial superintelligence has its own cognition, it will become a new spicis against human beings. This scene happens a lot in sicence fiction movies.  
Their external form of an artificial superintelligence could possibly be similar to humans. They are individuals who are each consciously in the same shape. There will also be many interactions between individuals, and people will also have social attributes. This artificial intelligence consciousness will evolve emotions, with joys and sorrows.
Artificial superintelligence can also exist in a nihilistic way when we are unpredictable about unknown things. It is not an actual individual (human or animal), they may be some kind of function that exists between the Internet. So they know everything.
Artificial intelligence has changed the way we use computers. Now we usually hand over complex operations to the cloud instead of organizing by ourselves. However, in the past, everything was done manually by hand. The different kinds of algorithm on the computer made our life very convenient, so we used to rely on it.</p>
