Nora Khan breaks down ideas in “Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence,” by philosopher Nick Bostrom. Khan speaks about Artificial Super Intelligence as an intellect that would exceed above all human qualities. Our understanding of aliens reflect an ideal that humans don’t want to depart from what they know, making the understanding of ASI’s harder to comprehend physically. ASI’s can change the course of the future through understanding the different metaphors explored in this article. The ability to read into future situations and motivations of artificial intelligence must be monitored and studied to understand its motive. ASI’s can change our society by existing with us and being disturbed by human interference which could have violent or nonviolent means. 

ASI’s are different from AI’s because it surpassed its former state. The advancement of AI to ASI can look like an intervention of new technological presence or activities. Todays definition of AI’s are somewhat half human and not completely autonomous still. Within the projectable future, automobiles and portable devices will have more efficient AI’s that will tender to our senses or function. The ASI will be a new level of autonomous intelligence that will be capable of computing far beyond what we know. When the advancements are made, it will shift the future and change society. ASI’s potential could be so great, it could override human priorities and life. One benefit would be if the ASI is collaborative and beneficial to think of ideas together. 

Thinking of the future is up in the air, ASI would develop cognitive structures that creates a system of self-improvement. The shape of the future is controlled and shaped by the control and direction that we will pave forward for these AI’s. Articulating what an ASI could do is like predicting the future of our place with advanced technologies. The AI’s we have today are powerful but does not crucially impact life today. Personally, I don’t like using AI’s because they are not very consistent and not that convenient to use. I find the AI’s today to be more useful for people who like engaging and talking to their phone rather than manually inputting information.
