<h1>Reading Nine: Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence</h1>

<p>
I like the idea of comparing different classifications of kinds of artificial intelligence, comparing AI, artificial intelligence, and ASI, artificial SUPER intelligence. <br><br>
AI seems like something that uses algorithms and machine learning to solve problems that we tell it to solve at a given moment. ASI on the other hand can reason through ideas and not only solve a single problem, but use context to make the best decision possible. It's imagination can go further than our own. I like when the reading talks about what we have used or come up with when it comes to what aliens look like. Jackie Wang, in the reading, says that all people want to come up with for the designs of aliens is just people with some different features. Still two legs, two arms, and a few less fingers. But other than that, it is all the same. However, I want to take it a step further. We look at these newer ideas of what aliens would look like, like what you see in Star Wars or Star Trek, or Men in Black, but then you look at the creatuers in this world and there could be an obvious correlation to where the creature designers got their inspiration. Its almost Lovecraftian, but at the same time still very grounded in the possibilities of what can exist in this world. <br><br>
One song that I like to listen to is this Christian song called "So Will I (100 Billion X)" by Hillsong Worship. While I don't mean to get religion into this topic, the point I want to bring up is a couple of lines in the song: "With no point of reference, you spoke into the dark and fleshed outt he wonder of life". The song is a song of worship to God, and that lyric makes me think about the creativity and artistry it must have taken to create the universe. No matter what anyone says about religion, I think it is an interesting thought exersize to think about what insipred you to be who you are today, in every extent of the question. Not only what inspired you to do what you are doing, but in turn what inspired your birth, your conception, and what inpsired the birth of that thing you are inspired by? It goes back to the beginning of the universe, just like a kid constantly asking "why?" whenever you answer their questions.<br><br>
Back to the ASI, If AI is limited to what the programmers can create--a specifically purposed AI that solves on type of problem only within the confines of what it knows, then an ASI is detatched from the imaginations of what is created (the people) and instead thinks as a created being itself (like people).
</p>
