Potential ways that ASI can change society is many. It can change research efficiency, cultural mindset, ways of living, etc. Research in all fields can incorporate higher degrees of research tools: data collection and storage, varied and/or more precise interpretation of data, implementation through real world environments thus reducing testing periods or even implementing all available factors to produce the perfect end product,  a wider expanse in formulating ideas one that is not limited by an individual’s schema. The mindset of society can be altered in its view of the past, present, and future by providing knowledge that details the cause and effect of all events e.g. the formation of the universe, ideas of privacy in a world where everything about someone is known, and an infinite amount of possible futures. Given the amount of data available, society may move towards a private life one that shares no thoughts only what is necessary forming a society in-conducive to contact thus forming a secluded lifestyle or one that embraces the knowledge of everyone and everything forming a highly judgmental society devoid of true identity to showcase false identity to avoid judgment. ASI might not change society in a direct way but in a way that is invisible or it may do so in such a minuscule way that it isn’t visible or is indirect. Perhaps ASI works in the background gradually improving our lives as not to create panic due to its potential uses. ASI may be kept in secrecy or under the guise of something different to gain an upper hand in a potential plot to control the world or to prevent it from falling in the wrong hands. Can ASI be controlled? If so, what will it’s controllers do? 

ASI differs from other forms of AI in that it supersedes human capabilities. ASI can out think the human brain and it can think in speeds beyond human comprehension and it can do so (at the same time) in multiple minds. Other forms of AI work to replicate human capabilities such as sight to speech, emotion, freedom of thought, or being able to identify visual objects from one another and creating/understanding the context that multiple objects have in a single image. ASI changes how we use computers, how we receive information, and the details of that information. We may use computers less so as a tool but as a partner in collaboration in research of new ideas and technology. Some ways AI changes how use computers are through smart assistants, smart cars, and smart devices. Smart assistants like Siri, Bixby, Google Assistant, or Alexa increase efficiency by taking alternative forms of input. For example, typing a question takes much longer than saying that same question. Smart assistants can dig through information faster than a person can, it can create complex tasks that would otherwise require multiple inputs such as setting up a reminder for a certain appointment through speech rather than having to dig through an app list and manually inputting time and information about the reminder. 
