In this article, Ms.Khan discusses about how Artificial Super Intelligence (ASI) can eventually lead our society due to its high intelligence. This intelligence is programmed to surpass the average intelligence a human has. However, even though ASI has a superior advantage in intelligence, Khan states that they are not evil, therefore they would not cause or create any harm to humanity. 

One way ASI can change our society is by facilitating some of our daily work. For example, some ASI can be programed as maids to clean up our homes when we command them to do so or even help those with disabilities and the elderly carry some of their normal tasks. However, this can also change our society in a negative manner in which may reduce the availability of jobs for some people. For instance, there might be a reduction of jobs in service such as cashiers, janitors, and even service dogs because ASI might take their place instead. One thing that distinguishes ASI with AI is that ASI is a bit more superior than AI. In other words, AI has a human level intelligence and can perform the same humane actions while ASI can also perform the tasks but in a better way. 

AI is changing the way we use technology by having it more interactive with us. For instance, we now have tiny devices such as Apple Watch that can perform our command just by our voice. Also Alexa is one example because not only can we tell her to perform a task but we can ask her a question and she will most of the time give us the right answer. 
