Khan made an interesting point on how people tend to imagine ASIs and aliens almost human-like but with warped features when we should be imagining them in a wildly different way because they are not all that similar to us. However, we struggle with that concept, with ideas like an alien that "communicates in smells and telepathic song and weeping and chanting and yearning and the sensation of failure and empathic identification and beatitude." We only have our human experiences to rely on, and therefore have to resort to metaphors just to have a partial understanding of what ASIs are capable of. It is like trying to describe color to a blind person; it is nearly impossible because they can't experience it in the way most people can. We would then try to describe the colors through emotions, such as yellow representing happiness and green being disgust or envy, but it still would not give the blind person the full comprehension of what colors are.

ASIs will definitely affect our computational paradigms. I agree with the concept that as technology continues to advance, it will reach a point where it no longer needs human input/bias to function and will be able to figure out peak efficiency for its goal on its own. It feels like they would do some sort of cost-benefit analysis for any situation they find themselves in. ASIs differ from AIs because they do not retain the same human biases that we usually program into them. I think they will be able to cause human extinction at some point after gaining an understanding of our flaws and how we are not as methodical as we make ourselves out to be. I also think that if humans and ASIs manage to co-exist somehow, then they might try to assimilate us by thinking logically rather than involving any personal bias or emotional attachments we may have. However, ASIs would definitely rule over humans in that scenario because they have qualities that we consider as cutthroat or callous.

AI is already changing the way we use technology by being able to tailor media according to our interests, but that also makes it harder for us to discover new media that we may not even think to look for or have not realize we are interested in. I know that many companies have an AI chat service on their customer service page, but I feel as though many people would be frustrated with the idea of having to communicate their problems as the first line of communications because AIs do not have the ability to empathize or feel emotion. People want someone to understand their problem from their point of view which means being able to sympathize/empathize.
