<p>Reading 9</p>
<p>Nora N. Khan's reading "Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence" is an interesting subject as how we continue to move forward in technology and some of us want to achieve or create something greater than us is something that makes us think about the future if such a thing can be created as it will change our society? I think it might not be too acceptable with many people at the beginning because the portrait of Artificial Intelligence or AI in Sci-Fi movies or shows was something bad.
</p>
<p>Terminator movies would be a big example, as its story is about how a super smart AI called Skynet dominated all human technology and started making robots named terminators which started a war against all human beings. Even if there is evidence that security protocols are in place, people will always be worried about AI. Especially if something really important is in charge of the AI. Yet I think the AI would be used over time society and it would become normal with time as long as there are no accidents. The distinction between ASI (Artificial Superintelligence) and AI (Artificial Intelligence) is that AI is like a prototype aspect of human intelligence, so it would have its limits; nevertheless, ASI is seeking to be above and beyond any kind of intelligence. It would be something beyond our imagination, like learning.
</p>
<p>Instead, due to the auto correction, programming code has become simpler and it also has tools to help. I think it would make things easier to have an ASI as it would be more likely to figure out what sort of command they want to type. Using this as an assist, it would be like a smarter version of Alexa to help many with their jobs.We do have some kind of AI in our phones or other apps such as Alexa of Siri. This AI responds to voice commands and can perform certain tasks such as delivering news updates, playing music, and even communicating with home devices while linked to Alexa. This AI also helps us find answers to our question about simple things that google can be, so it helps us make our lives easier.
</p>
