  The reading “Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence” by Nora N. Khan is an interesting topic as how we keep moving forward in technology and some of us want to achieve or create something greater than us is something that make us think about the future if such thing can be created how it will change our society? I believe, it might not be too acceptable with a lot of people in the beginning because Artificial intelligence or AI has been portrait as something bad in Sci-Fi movies or shows. One big example would be the terminator movies, as its plot is about how a super intelligent AI name Skynet controlled all human technology and started to make robots name terminators that started a war against all humans. Even if there is prove of having safety protocols, people will always will have concern about AI. Specially if the AI is in charge with something really important. But I believe with time society would get use to the AI and it with time it would become normal, as long there are not accidents. 

  The difference between ASI (Artificial Superintelligence) and AI (Artificial Intelligence) is that AI is like a model aspect of human intelligence, so it would have its limitations; however, ASI is trying to be above and beyond any type of intelligence. Like in the reading, it would be something that would be beyond our imagination.

  Then programming software have become more easily thanks to the auto correction and it also has tools to help. I think having an ASI would make things easier, as it would be more likely to figure out what type of command ones wants to type. Having this as an assistance, would help many with their work it would be like a smarter version of Alexa. 

  We already have some type of AI that can be in our phones or other devices like Alexa. This AI reacts by voice commands and it can do some tasks like giving updates of news, playing music, and even interact with home devices if they are connected with Alexa. This AI also help to search for answers for our question about simple things that can be google, so it helps us to make our life easier.      
