In “Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence,” Nora Khan explores ideas laid out by philosopher Nick Bostrom. Bostrom gives his ideas for what the future of artificial superintelligence might look like. Khan takes a strong interest in Bostrom’s strong use of metaphors to explain ASIs. The metaphors she explores in this article are hurricane, architect, sovereign, star system, frontline, search party, agent, swarm, and scaffolding, and how they can explain how ASIs will change our society.

To begin unpacking that, we must first examine how ASIs compare to our current generation of AIs. ASIs are different from other forms of AI in those developing them are aiming to go higher and further than ever before. The general AIs currently in existence are not yet at the level that we (with we referring to society as a collective whole) want it to be at. Khan claims that what we are seeking in AIs is the ability to “do anything a human can, including learn, reason and improve.” Once we achieve that, then we can go on to create ASIs. I surmise that ASIs are meant to be beyond human - doing things even better and more efficient than humans could do, despite the fact that we are their creators.

Once ASIs reach that point, they will change our society. This is both a blessing and a curse. In some ways, it will be greatly helpful to us. For instance, it would be extremely beneficial for ASIs to help people make scientific breakthroughs and whatnot. However, great power can go either way. Bostrom touches upon this. He says that if we are not careful, ASIs could backfire on us. They are programmed to be completely ruthless and focused on the end goal that we have given them; if we are not precise, things could go wrong and ASIs will not stop because that is not in their nature.

In addition to changing society, ASIs will affect our computational paradigms. I believe that the more advanced our technology gets, the less understanding and control we have over it. I think things will continually get more complex, and in some aspects, ASIs will “outsmart” us. They will never have the exact capabilities or precision that humans possess, but there are ways in which they can outdo us. In fact, AIs are already changing the way we use computers. One way they are doing this is by giving us artificial assistants - things like Siri and Alexa. More and more software similar to those two are coming into existence everyday. Additionally, we can now connect multiple computers and share our information across multiple computers at once. People connect their desktop computers, phones, tablets, and more. This allows us to access all of our information and data anywhere and at any time.
