Artificial Intelligence is a hot topic to discuss as the technology evolves and trained. AI has been seen in fiction and we currently use it with such assistants as Alexa or Siri but more businesses are using them for help service or in some cases companionship. Khan describes three artificial intelligences, the Artificial Superintelligence or ASI, Artificial General Intelligence or AGI and Artificial Intelligence or AI. ASI has the possibility to became like a god to us. AGI is more like us, like a human baby, capable of learning and being better than the previous generation. The AGI could be a learning buddy for potential students that need custom learning. The AGI could absorb and notice the differences for the students and adjust. On the other hand, ASI can be used to help humans colonize other planets. Bostrom explains ASI with metaphors but it is daunting, saying humanity is a child alone in a room unsupervised. ASI are scary are they kind of AIs that could ruin or be the end of humanity. 

As ASI are more powerful and capable of being able to rule humanity, it changes the paradigm of computations. As we are seen as the masters of the computer. We will now be tied to AI we will design for AI no longer for just humans. We will also have to compete against AI maintaining our jobs were AI cannot do somethings, but we are threatened we are only human, and AI can evolve faster than anyone else.

As English has become the language everyone learns is can change just as French and Spanish were the dominate language. The language we all speak can even change as we are outnumbered by AI, we might have to learn to speak AI instead of English. Who knows if English will die off and become a dead language.

I am terrified by AI, but I know it is like change scary but important. As much as we stand to lose we stand to gain so much we will be able to do more than we were beforehand maybe humans cannot evolve as fast but we can at least use AI to accommodate the change.
