In Nora Khan’s Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence, Khan gives the readers an informational background on ASI-- its effects in present time, advantages and disadvantages to our society. Khan describes the ASI as “an intellect that exceeds all the smartest, most capable human beings in every field, in abstract reasoning and social manoeuvring and creative experimentation, by unfathomable degrees”. Nora Khan’s description was already horrific but engaging to read. 

As a student, the idea of having this intelligent “entity” existing in our world is a crazy idea. As human beings are trying to study different fields to excel and master in it, different programs are currently being perfectly created to work in those fields. Some questions that popped up in my mind while reading the first part of this article was, “How will human beings compete?”, “Will there be jobs for humans?” and “Will ASI exceed all the smartest and most capable human beings?”. I believe these questions are relevant and reasonable because it seems unfair and unjust to human beings. Technological advancements are progressively created for people so living could be easier, whether it’s for communication, transportation, etc. But, these advancements could also result in different downsides. Capitalization and demand for new technologies are rapidly increasing, which adds in to this problem.

After reading the whole article, ASI seems like an insane concept. From the different terms or phrases used to describe ASI including Hurricane, Architect, Sovereign, Star System, Frontline, Search Party, Agents, Swarm and Scaffolding-- ASI highly presents itself as the most powerful tool in technology. ASI, according to Khan’s article is described in various ways like “an intelligence that can nimbly pick and choose between various heuristics to sculpt new cognitive structures”, “will be radically different from biological intelligences”, “rebuilds itself through directed genetic algorithms” and “makes for an entity of unimaginable supremacy, using vast amounts of resources and energy to cohere”. These descriptions are already far off from what other forms of AI are. It transcends the normal artificial intelligence that we use today. Some of the notable AIs that we use today are Siri, Nest and Alexa which are already impressive in terms of its functionality. I do believe that ASI can be an amazing asset in terms of future computing, as our population is rapidly increasing. It can be greatly used in massive statistics that can help aid the different systems that our society has. ASI has an amazing potential that can lead to great discoveries and knowledge. It seems like a very efficient tool to be used, but its effects and risk to human beings are still very questionable. 


