This article was a fantastic read! As discussed throughout the previous readings from this semester and even introduced as a topic idea for the final, I had the thought and fears of technology becoming too advanced and wondered how our future could be affected by it for years to come. Ms. Khan explored so many ideas about how we could just be bystanders in the future where artificial superintelligence becomes too advanced for us, exceeding all the smarted and most capable human beings. Seeing as we don’t understand the way ASI functions and noticing it has no morality functions, we begin to ponder and use our imagination to think about how this kind of technology could be harnessed in the future, mostly with the idea that civilization is supposedly going to face an existential catastrophe and humans are doomed to a fallout. 

In my opinion, while I never thought about the idea of humans being outshined by machinery, it was interesting to see Khan write about all the collective imagination we build up about AI, and the comparison to aliens was an interesting choice. Seeing as how aliens were brought up as an “index of human imagination” were they were like “rich poetic devices that give us a sense of what’s possible, forming an outline of our future”, that’s pretty similar to what the concepts of artificial superintelligence is. Ways ASI can change our society is reevaluating our ideas on what’s right and wrong, helping shape our intellectual minds with data, and perhaps even guiding us to a smarter and knowledgeable future. ASI can be different from other forms of AI because with other AI forms such as AGI, it can do anything a human can, we can understand it more clearly on how it functions and so forward. With ASI, it will function in ways we can’t and won’t understand, seeing as it doesn’t think about others in the kind of way humans do, we have no idea of what the machine will think of and function next. 

Learning about how people begin to think more and more about ASI being dangerous, I was really intrigued with all the types of metaphors listed in the article. Particularly, one of my favorite metaphors was the hurricane, because I too feel like technology and AI are becoming more advanced to dangerous levels, but like the hurricane, it’s potentially destructive and endowed with a specific purpose, the purpose in this case being harnessed by humans and finding all sorts of new data and information. Another metaphor I really liked that helped resemble the concept of ASI was Agent, where it generates pure action with perfect result, devoid of attachments, only working to get the job done. 

With the future of computing, I feel like ASI will effect our computational paradigms with new types of languages developed for the unknown, which is why at the end of the article Khan wrote down the idea of how we should focus a better determination to be as competent as we can, bridging the human and unknown together and making interstellar leaps. While the future can be scary to think about from a technological aspect of advanced artificial intellect, the but thing we can do is reorient ourselves and try to keep up.

