Nora Khan's article on Artificial Super Intelligence, explores the ideas laid out by the philosopher Nick Bostrom’s book, Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies.  She describes a new form of AI in which goes beyond our interpretation of the ‘basic’ AI that we all associate with. This new shape, as she characterizes as is ASI. Artificial Super Intelligence or SuperIntelligence is “an intellect that exceeds all the smartest, most capable human beings in every field, in abstract reasoning and social manoeuvring and creative experimentation, by unfathomable degrees”. Some of the potential ways that ASI’s will change our society are not difficult to understand nor believe. Bostrom stated many metaphors that theoretically compare to what an ASI can be represented to us as. Having an actual ASI being can only mean that we will have to get accustomed to allowing something else manage our society. Because they don’t ‘know’ actual empathy or human cognition, they will not understand human feelings or determination of what is fair or just. These concepts simply would not apply.  
ASI’s are different from other forms of AI in that ASI have exceeded the basic structures of normal AI. They are called super for a reason. The true intention of an ASI is to surpass human Intelligence. Today, we do have  types of artificial intelligence that do ‘behave’ as humans in some ways, but have not reached that level of superiority. The thought of an actual ASI is intimidating and frightening because as stated by Cyberneticist Kevin Warwick, “How can you reason, how can you bargain, how can you understand how [a] machine is thinking when it’s thinking in dimensions you can’t conceive of?”. It is something we cannot fully comprehend. Likewise, I found Bostrom’s concept of an ASI in comparison to humans very interesting and entirely alarming- “  he describes our intelligence, in relation to ASI, as analogous to what the intelligence of an ant feels like to us”. 
As in the future of computing, ASI's will affect our computational paradigms in a considerably drastic manner. Not only will we see huge changes in how we interact with computers, we will see all kinds of advancements in different settings. For instance, in how we determine recent AI’s in image recognition that cannot detect faces of color, variety of biases in AI decision making. A new paradigm would be established by a new value system that needs a broader and more advanced way of thinking. Because ASI will have a smarter way of thinking, this task will not be a difficult one. People will adjust to the new paradigms ahead.
In a sense, AI is already changing the way that we use computers. This is evident in the advancement of computational communication. For example, the access to communicate with it. Most of us have already experienced with it- SIRI. Additionally, there are certain websites which enable someone to ‘talk’ to representatives such as customer service who are not actual human beings. This form of communication is quite advanced and will only progress in the future. 




