  In the essay, “ Towards a Poetics of Artificial Intelligence” by Nora Khan, explores the different possibilities of AIs using Nick Bostrom’s philosophy to help us understand them. Khan also mentions Jackie Wang, in which they insight the index of human imagination. They use aliens as an example to create a point about when we try to imagine the unknown, we don’t get very far what we already know. Ross Anderson says that we have to avoid anthropomorphising AIs and that human cognition is only one species of intelligence. There are different forms of AI like AGI which is an artificial general intelligence that is capable to perform any task that a human can do. ASIs are the step above AGI in which they surpass human intelligence. They are able to achieve things that humans are not capable of achieving (Ex. Solving world hunger, fighting diseases, exploring deep space). AGIs will achieve greater than what humankind weren’t capable of achieving. 
 
 Using metaphors to describe AIs can allow different functions to what it can do. Bostrom uses metaphors like “architect’’ in which the cognitive architecture will be different from biological intelligence. This makes me wonder about different forms of AI that people have made up. Already, AI has been apart of our lives and changing the way we use computers. An example is google analytics to give you the shopping experience you need. It gives you timely alerts, messages, and send discounts on products that persuade you to buy them. Another example is Siri, an artificial narrow intelligence (ANI) is focused on single narrow tasks that use Natural Language Processing (NLP). Cars used to be stick, to automatic, to now self driving cars. Ordering food at restaurants has now been automated than interacting with a cashier. These all affect us emotionally, physically, and mentally. I think we should create AI’s in an ethical approach than using it to create automated services that can negatively impact us. There has to be some purpose to an AI. For example, using it for medical purposes like surgical precision.
 
 With AIs, to be able to construct an idea on a non-human scale allows different possibilities. Thus, computational paradigms will be affected based on the language and how it problem solves a task. As I said before, it will allow things to be solved differently than what a human can do. It can make us prevent mistakes, look at the future, and view things in a different perspective than what we as humans could have done. 
