ASI, or artificial super intelligence,  will be ai’s completely unlike hat we associate the word with today - rather, they will have cognitive and learning capabilities far beyond any human or imagination. However, for us to reach this point in computation, we must first rethink how we view programming, and how we conceive of new projects in the field. 

However, in creating these programs, we must think to what end they could possible be used for, or what they could do themselves. Some high-tech AI is already being used to distort our perception of reality in negative ways - so called “deepfake” tech is already being utilized to create fake scenarios and pass them off as reality. Nvidia already has technology that can almost perfectly change the time of day as perceived in a photograph, and this will only continue to improve with time.

As humans, we have a tendency to anthropomorphize things to make them easier to relate to. It is the reason that creatures such as H.R. Giger’s titular Alien appear strange and monstrous, yet still retaining the basic humanoid form of a head, a mouth, two arms, and two legs. This is dangerous in the conception of an ASI because it will not think as a human, as it is not human, it is beyond human. It will think in a way inconceivable to us, and it will lack many of the paradigms that we hold ourselves to - morality and judgement - and will make decisions solely based on its calculations. 

However, while some of these statements may hold true, the fact is that this AI will have been created by humans, and like the AI of today, it will likely hold the same biases as its creators. This is potentially even more dangerous, as many of said creators of AI today are responsible for phenomena such as hiring processes tending to select white males as potential best candidates due to facial recognition. The article speaks of the “sovereign” AI making a decision that best benefits itself as an amoral one, but if a human were to make this decision, it would be seen as morally reprehensible and greedy. 

