<h3>
Poetics of ASI response
</h3>

First, I really appreciate this article and its efforts in using a language of humanity that contains beauty and artistry- poetry. I also agree that metaphors brings one closer to the topic at hand in relationship to what we already know, to keep the language, ideas and thoughts more acesiibe in to the human mind. Nora N. Khan wrote the ideas of the work of philosopher Nick Bostrom (ideas from his book- Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies.) in  a way that makes sense to someone who may not entirely understand the power of Artificial Superintelligence (ASI) and what it can really do. Her comparison of understanding aliens to ASI really puts such how we create language to understand more of the unknown, higher power, something intangible.

Along with describing ASI with metaphors, there undies what they are capable of. Some of the potential ways that ASI's will change our society will be how we maneuver through our already made systems, regulations of humans and resources, the potential superhuman that know all and access all. From the metaphors, they could destructive with a specific purpose like a hurricane, be surveying, an architect, power incarnate, create tensions or peace, a search party, agent, swarming,  and scaffolding. I could become the greater force in society with its vast mental capacity, storage, accuracy and energy. It might make the world more productive or chaotic depending on how it was created.
 
Yet there are different ASI’s.  ASI's different from other forms of AI- AI (a little above a human) and AGI(Artificial General intelligence- models human intelligence) as it is more mature and developed. I like to think it comes after AI’s. The article explains it as: “ASI is an intellect that exceeds all the smartest, most capable human beings in every field, in abstract reasoning and social manoeuvring and creative experimentation, by unfathomable degrees.” In other words, in a sense, the endgame or most powerful AI system.


ASI's then can effect our computational paradigms in controlling what is right or wrong, possibly destroying and creating different systems that may fit society.  Some Ways that AI is already changing the way that we use computers is the tracking of our patterns and designing its systems towards our actions. It seems as though we worked with the design of computers, I wonder if computers are working towards the design of humans, and if they are not, what are the consequences of that? Maybe it is helping humans become more intelligent in computational ways systems than could be seen in insect systems. 
Are we computing what we want to put out to the world? Are we really thinking about our actions towards a bigger digital world? AI is also making predictions for us for our buying patterns, what we consume and hope for through our usage of the net or technology. Should allow it, or will this knowledge helps us in the greater good?
 
Like the author writes, the first step is understanding what is beyond ourselves for the greater projection of society and understanding the potential of ASI in order to know its impact in our little worlds. Like how Ms. Khan says, there are actually good reasons to understand how ASI or AGI works, to : “Imagining cognition greater than ours could deepen our own cognition.”. Let’s imagine and discuss  how we can work towards the goals and power of intelligence theater.
