I think the article provides me with such an insight that I have never thought about in the past. What is even Artificial Superintelligence when we are still struggling to figure out what is Artificial Intelligence? But it’s very possible that Artificial Superintelligence would happen soon because the existing Artificial Intelligence can not fully satisfy us and our needs. The Artificial Intelligence we are living with now, are still very limited in some ways. It still feels, somehow, mechanic / robotic (maybe just to me)? It’s a very advanced tool to use of course, and it does make our lives much more convenient and entertaining in some ways, but definitely there are space for improvements because it’s not very spontaneous. I think Artificial Superintelligence would totally humanize artificial intelligence, but also make it over-humanized that would exceed our understandings beyond humanity. The way I imagine ASI would be something spontaneous, observant, and even God-like.

When speaking of the advantages what ASI would bring us, I think I better pull out a part in the article which I found very impressive: “Because the alien and the artificial are always becoming, because they are always not quite yet in existence, they help us produce new and ecstatic modes of thinking and feeling, speaking and being. I’d like to suggest that they enable a type of cognitive exercise and practice, for redirecting our attention towards the strange, for constructing spaces of possibility, and for forming new language.”

This is the new insight I’ve talked about, that inspired me and challenged me to think. And I think it’s very accurate to put that AI / future ASI enable us to have a new type of cognitive exercise and practice. The creation of AI / ASI is genius because it basically creates a mystery waiting for us to solve. During the searching process, we have to keep our mindset open and ready for any possibilities. We help AI / ASI to grow, and in return, they help us to grow.
