Artificial Super Intelligence (ASI) can lead our society since it has the ability to gain knowledge and understand the situation. ASI can discover many things on its own without help from humans. The ASI intelligence level is way beyond human intelligence level. ASI has the ability to create many things as it wants in it’s own virtual world, it is like a god. Although it has so many powers, it does draw a boundary line between itself and human society. This way it can avoid war between artificial intelligence (AI) and humans. ASI can think of possibilities on its own to create a paradise that everyone desires. 
 
The difference between ASI and AI is that AI cannot function on their own. They will need to work with humans in order to function. They do not gain knowledge and cannot brainstorm on their own. It is part of a system where it has to function with humans. AI intelligence level is the same level as humans intelligence. An example would be Alexa created by Amazon. It can do many things such as turning on lights in your living, start your microwave, changing music on your spotify, and many more. Alexa will need a voice command in order to function. Without the voice command, Alexa is useless and unable to do anything for the user. 
 
Voice recognition is one of the AI that has changed many ways of using computers. Using our voice as a command, we can use the computer without moving the mouse and typing. It is one of the helpful functions for those who have trouble spelling, understanding foreign languages, unable to type, translation languages, and many more. With our voices, we can go through webpages we want without clicking on the mouse. It can open up the programs we want to open. This allows us to multitask in a way. 
 
I believe that ASI can guide our society to a specific goal that can benefit the world. It can suggest ideas and goals that the society has to do. An example would be saving the environment. The environment such as natural habitat and animals are slowly dying and becoming extinct due to human activities. The ASI will figure out ways to save the environment by giving ideas or instructions to the society to help decrease the environmental damage percentage slightly or more. Another example would be improving job employment. They can help change the percentage of homeless people. The ASI can suggest ideas so that companies can give out more opening to the people. This way many people can work and have a way to make a living.  
 
When I read about this article, this reminded me of the IBM Watson from Jeopardy. Watson won against the two greatest Jeopardy players. This was a moment that surprised the audience. That game is very significant for me and will keep running through my memories. This event had me hooked up with wanting to learn more about AI. Watson was shown in 2011 and in 2019, I can see a few AIs having similar functions. This shows how the AIs have evolved throughout the years. 


