&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Power dynamic through the re-purposing of Technology

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In the face of usage of technology and the many roles that it plays in our world, it’s importance can be key in face of social good in the context of artworks. For instance, the art piece “Transborder Immigrant Tool” by Electronic Disturbance Theater and b.a.n.g. Lab,
Tool, incorporated Best Buy mobile phones with original interface design that included
poems, compass, maps in Spanish with the purpose to help those crossing the border. However, such an action would be seen as hacking the system, a commentary towards politics and social issued, a rebellious act to disrupt the regulation of immigration. Yet when repurposing such technologies, it hopes to create social change through activism. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The power of technology and the people are seen in many activism and hacktivism that incorporates tactical media and the world wide web.  People can now engage in digital civil disobedience to be able to not only raise awareness but show their support for causes unknown or far from them. With a deeper understanding of how we should take that power back would be seen in this paper. As well as the question to whether we have we taken the power back in the past and how much more we can and could take though our usages of technology.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This paper will further examine existing usages of technology and art pieces that involve mobile locative media, hacktivism (a method of engagement that uses hacking to break, reformat, and re-engineer data and systems as a creative rather than merely destructive strategy), the use of affordable software, hardware and the internet in addressing issues and making change.This paper will also cover reason why we should recycle or work with existing technology as old or discarded technology can also be repurposed as e-waste is disposed of by incineration, releasing toxins when burnt. Technology does not have to be strictly electronic in nature, it can also be the repurposing of tools used for making polymers to clean oil spills or hacking simple drawing tools like crayons for self expression. Through the use of digital and mixed media anyone can make change happen. One spark can light the fire that affects the world. 


<sup>1</sup>Christine Paul, Digital Art, Third Edition, p.207
