
“Manufacturing Consent” are theories concerning around the mass media and how it functions as a whole towards working for corporations. There is a lot of assumption that mass media serves the public for a better political progression, but speculation has viewed that there could be biasism to serve for the highest paying corporation.  

Similar to the previous article about targeted advertisements and distribution of data, the same concept is applied here where our thoughts and views are being manipulated. It is surprising how our minds can be molded into false accusations but also concerning how we are tied into this system. Profit is what mass media seek for and unfortunately, money is how the world operates, in doing so, stories are exaggerated or faked for the greedy benefit. Chomsky’s idea to reengineer our future society is a glimmer of hope I see as we grow as a community, to be able to communicate and properly function with ethical mindsets that is not biased from money. However, from a personal belief, I feel this ongoing trend will continue to develop as long as higher political status people have the power to control media. 

A similar situation to where we, the public, are unaware of the world’s resources and secrets, would be like the Area 51 phenomenon. That entire meme of raiding the place was all jump started because the society came together to uncover the truth if the U.S. government were really hiding aliens and to expose them for excessive security of knowledge. Although there is to some extent where just because it is true, it could potentially be worse for it to be heard as it may cause chaos within the community.

The distribution of knowledge is what really concerns for people because having access to that is another form of power. Because of that, some people get priority to access that knowledge which then places a power hierarchy within our society, causing influence into mass media on who and how they should provide the news, depending on who pays more.

I have always thought the news as an excellent source to be up to date on our surroundings, but I have now drifted away from that and decided to go to more legitimate websites. Even Google could be the wrong place to go search for articles as you never know who sold data to gain an advantage of appearing on the front page. Chomsky is seen as a resistance fighter against the government and is an inspiring model for the final project for this class. A question that comes up is whether the government is trying to shut him down from exposing the truth or is Chomsky’s concept is flawed, but either way it does appear the intimidation he brings hides truth.
