In “Manufacturing Consent” (1993) linguist and political activist Noam Chomsky illustrates ways he believes Americans are being manipulated by the media using what he calls the “Propaganda Model”. He describes the Propaganda Model as one that consists of five parts. 
The first part is the ownership of a corporation. The second is advertisers, which include newspapers, movie studios, magazines, television channels. Advertisers sell something very valuable to corporations, you. The third part is mass media. Mass media outlets create press releases which consumers deem reliable. The fourth part is the “Flack”, which addresses negative allegations. Finally there is the common enemy.<br>

Although Chomsky released this documentary in the early 90’s, it’s still very relevant today. However, I believe that our modern technology has made us even more vulnerable to unintentional consent. The documentary mentioned that back in the 80’s and 90’s the New York Times was the advertiser that shaped the perspective of the educated. Today this is different because many young educated people don’t read the newspaper, they read their smartphones. Smart devices such as smartphones, Echo Alexa, Google Home, and other “listening” devices are programmed to constantly be aware of what voices around them say.  When it hears specific words we speak, it communicates this information to our smart screens, instantly becoming more invested in the idea. <br>

For example, let’s use a major corporation, Amazon. This a fortune 500 corporation, makes a significant amount of business through their online marketplace system. Let’s say my smart phone hears me talking about teeth whitening (the example we have repeatedly used in class). Next, Instagram (the advertiser) suddenly begins posting teeth whitening ads on my feed. Now I start thinking about it a little deeper, I do my research. I check a reliable website with reviews (the mass media) on a teeth whitening product and decide yes this is for me. Then I go on Amazon and I buy it. I fell right for Chomsky’s “Propaganda Model” and all it took was for me to speak the words “teeth whitening” and technology did the rest. <br>
