Manufacturing Consent<br>

<br>
  Every time we turn on a television, listen to a pod cast, or watch a YouTube video we are being told something. Instead of using the media to inform people about issues or calls for action, it is being used as a form of consent. We are being drip fed information from a bias source to give our acceptance to a cause. It is already normalized to share ideas without accountability, now in the hands of the people in power they are also excluded from that accountability. This brings me to see how the media is being used to change the mindset of an entire nation. These mentioned Five Filters of media are explored and used to the advantage of the manufactures Facebook only showing our friends and links with something we have in common. It has been said that we lost the Vietnam war because of the loss of support at home. This was primarily due to the face that we had media available for the source. With outlets being more honest and instead of forcing an opinion they let the viewer develop their own. Outlets and people in power have learned their lesion since then and have now become more controlling of what they show, and now instead of being used to form an opinion they are used to direct one. <br>
  
<br>How I feel about this is that unless the entire media, social and political structures are reformed this is something that is embedded in our society. More sources are available to get less bias information, but it is too easy to stick into our comfort zones and accept whatever is told to us. Knowing that media is mostly funded by cooperation’s and backed by politicians is only half the fight. Documentaries like Manufacturing Consent only go so far as to show us what is going on. 
