Noam Chomsky in Manufacturing Consent is a film that talks about control in society through a unique view. By looking at how media operates in industry, we can see how they marginalize the public. How we unfold language is basic and impacts us from the day we are born, naturally programmed to absorb our immediate surroundings and channels for information. Chomsky theorizes that mass media will channel advertisement and bias. 

The idealized future envisioned by Chomsky would be to challenge the powers of our country to see if they are truly legitimate. Addressing basic human rights and implementing the in a new structure would be the way to start the future. The primary function of the mass media is to mobilize public support to push government interests into society and however in charge moves society in a certain direction. The government control resources and idealogical systems that hold control over two classes, the 20% articulate and 80% controlled population. The film goes to show how media networks operates and how it distributes majority ads mixed with news. The Vietnam war served as a great example of a media experiment that ignored genocides for dollars. The media is was shown to be whitewashing atrocities and the needs of the power are served, not the needs for the other people. Chomsky challenges the right to lie in the face of the United States. Institutional analysis helps us review how government functions but ultimately is labeled as conspiracy theories to shutdown review of conduct. 
Through government backing and powerful sources allying on information, Chomsky draws concern on how the future will be impacted on media truth and objective. These organizations have priority and complete control through media channels and mainstream outlets. Looking at the war on drugs or terror can give us an understanding of how it creates an aura to control society through these media streams. 

Chomsky as an institutional analyzer breaks down how the media is successful at mediating information and tailoring it to guide society. I believe Chomsky’s studies are accurate at exposing how these layers are complex but understandable. By controlling the media networks, we are constantly being shown and told the American narrative that our government wants us to adapt. This is a problem today in our society because the needs of the people are dynamically being expressed and suppressed in the ways of our society and government today.
