When the narrator speaks about the addiction towards information and entertainment via the printed words I couldn’t help but compare that addiction with the current forms of information and entertainment. Today many people claim that this generation is highly addicted to looking at their phones, both for entertainment and information, but I can’t blame them for doing so especially because our phones are with is almost every hour of every day, the current generation definitely has more screen time than people had reading newspapers. Secrets today, like the past, are known and widely spread out the only difference is the amount of information is much greater today because lots of our personal information is digital and online. 

The narrator goes on to explain the importance of media. He discusses the variety for which media inputs and outputs information is a necessary part of democracy. I agree, varying opinions matter in the  context that not all information should be received by a single source because public opinion can easily be manipulated if this was the case. Free access to information, ideas, and opinion is difficult to pinpoint because information is widely available in great variety through the internet. Some require payment some are free yet despite the price they are still available to the public, is this considered free information? Capitalism seems to be the opposing force when it comes to free information. Textbooks for example require payment to cover manufacturing costs and some profit, I find it difficult to give textbooks away for free. The information in textbooks have already become digital and a drastic price reduction is proof that a completely free access to information is viable and it may seem far more viable as time progresses. 

The narrator says that one of the basic indicators of a healthy democracy is the ability for media to scrutinize any government activity. Currently government officials have scrutinized media a popular example is Trump’s comments on Fox News as fake news. However, comments like these even from such a high position shouldn’t be so effective to the detriment of the health of a democracy. I think banning Fox News would be more effective. However, the president’s comments have influence and may serve to manipulate public opinion. When Chomsky speaks about past elite democrats and their views of media forming a curious and arrogant mind towards them thus not abiding to civil rule shows the need for control and power by the elites. Trump seems to hold similar ideas opting for control of the masses by thwarting media that oppose his views. 

“The people who own the country ought to govern it,” said John Jay. This quote can be seen two ways: the people/public own the country or high government officials own the country. I think the view a president should take is the one with the people/public who own the country because if this was the case then many decisions would be made in favor of the public rather than in favor of controlling the public. 
