In “Manufacturing Consent” by Noam Chomsky, Chomsky explains his theories of how people in America are being easily influenced by the media. He then introduces the term “Propaganda Model” in which he states it falls mostly on how large corporations advertise themselves in the mass media. There are five parts to the Propaganda Model: ownership of corporation, the advertisements, the mass media, “Flak”, and the common enemy. The main purpose of the corporation is to make profits and invest. The advertisements are responsible for making funds for the corporation. The mass media makes an image of the corporation as a reliable source, thus attracting potential clients through a strong description of themselves. Flak varies within each criticism or made up story made towards the corporation. And lastly, the common enemy refers to the target they are going against. 

This theory can still be seen in today’s society with all the high influence media takes on corporations. For instance, there was a time where Tree corporations would use Instagram to attract the users in following their page by announcing that with each like they give to their picture, that is the amount of trees they will plant to help with the environment and deforestation. As a result, thousands of likes were given to the only picture they have posted on their Instagram page. They also gained thousands of followers quickly because we all want to save the environment, right? Although, there are legit organizations such as One-Tree Planted that actually did plant a certain amount of trees every time the user purchased their item, there are many others that are just doing it to gain a lot of followers, only for their own beneficial use. Those false corporations are usually the ones that talk more about following them and giving them likes to plant more trees instead of their organization and the process of how they go on about planting those trees. They also tend to not have a legit website but a paying app instead. They also have one photo that just repeats what their bio states instead of their work. 

Chomsky’s theory about how America is easily influenced by how the media portray large corporations is unfortunately true. Perhaps if more research was done behind the scenes before investing in the corporation would reduce the amount of people being easily manipulated. 
