In “Manufacturing Consent,” Noam Chomsky's ideas on the "five filters" of media are explored. He basically discusses the concept of mass media controlling the way we think and how media is displayed to the public is under the control of large corporations. The first filter was ownership which has to do with mass media firms that operate solely on trying to make a profit. The second one is funding that is generated through advertisements.The third is the media elite who make consumers perceive them as credible sources because of they are able to influence the narratives that are about them. The fourth filter is flak which what people in power use to discredit certain media when it doesn't fall in line with their "rules". Flak can come in the form of diverting the conversation, trashing stories, "scare" stories, etc. The last filter is the common enemy. Examples of the common enemy would be like communism, immigrants, or terrorists. Having a common enemy helps to shape the public opinion. 

"Manufacturing Consent" kind of reminds me of a different documentary called "Rich Media, Poor Democracy" which discusses media conglomerations and how they heavily filter and distort news and journalism. They would rather change the news to have more shock value and to report about popular subjects like celebrities rather than important societal issues because it would garner the most views for them, and in turn, it would mean more money. An example of this would be the mainstream media focusing on the theatrics of street violence rather than well-thought out convictions of protestors from a variety of backgrounds or the substance of the protest in general. News companies focus on pieces that are low on information but heavy on sensationalism. They also create entertainment news shows that copy the same format as CBS news to cover celebrity gossip. It has become very hard for independent companies to remain active because big name companies are always focused on trying to become bigger to push out any competition. I also learned about how the Telecommunications Act of 1996 basically deregulated ownership restrictions on media companies and telecommunications companies because people thought it would encourage innovation and competition, which would lead to lower prices and higher quality services. They also thought that they would no longer need government regulation on behalf of the public interest and the market would regulate better. However, what really ended up happening was regulation on behalf of private company interests with no pretense on regulating on behalf of public interests. People in power for media companies do not get covered as rigorously in the news and end up ripping off workers, consumers, taxpayers and the government because of the deregulation that allows them to take advantage of the situation.


