In “Manufacturing Consent,” the ideas of Noam Chomsky are explored. In particular, his theories surrounding how mass media functions are analyzed. The main takeaway provided by Chomsky’s theories is that mass media is biased and working in favor of corporations. To fully understand this, we must first take a look at the main key points, which are as follows.

The first point is that a majority of mass media outlets, particularly those that are most prominent in society, are under the whims of corporations. This is because their main function is to funnel profits and revenue into the pockets of the investors and higher ups that are running them. Thus, what a majority of people are fed from these outlets are first approved by those corporations who twist media pieces to fit their agendas. This situation is unfortunate, and somewhat unavoidable, as mass media outlets, like any type of organization, requires funding to remain functioning. Thus, their hands are somewhat tied in a situation like this.

Another point made is that mass media outlets are also highly funded by advertisers. Similar to the previous point that was elaborated on, these outlets must also toe the line and make sure that they are aware and sensitive to advertisers’ agendas. This just serves as another way in which mass media has been weakened by the power of others.

Another power that mass media outlets kowtow are governmental agencies and other powerful sources of information. These types of organizations therefore get priority and first access to what news outlets know of and what news they will release for public consumption. If outlets do anything that goes against the grain, these sources of information could ice out particular outlets that do so, leaving them unable to report on the news. In turn, this will result in outlets losing consumers. This is a chain reaction of events; loss of consumers leads to loss of advertisers and other forms of funding, thus leaving outlets in sticky situations.

The biggest theory that Chomsky has concerning mass media is that the media’s current fixation on the “war on terror” was orchestrated to take the place of the anticommunist sentiment that swept the nation back in the days of the Cold War. This major point of fixation is meant to be a form of controlling society.

Personally, I believe in all the points that Chomsky was making.When I first grew more aware of the happenings around me and started actually paying attention to the news, I naively believed that some news sources were completely trustworthy. Granted, I was a high schooler who was finally delving into serious issues for the first time, but I also find it somewhat lacking that not even my government teacher thought to warn us about biases in the news. Now, even news sources that I consider “reputable,” such as The New York Times or the Washington Post, are outlets that I approach with caution. They are the news sources that I turn to most often, but I have noticed that they have a largely liberal bias. Because of that, I do try my best to find reputable news outlets that lean a little more conservative or moderate as well in order to balance out and vary my news consumption every now and then.

The more interesting point to touch upon is how the “war on terror” is the new way of controlling society. I completely believe that this theory. It makes perfect sense to have a mainstream issue for folks to fixate on. This helps take off attention from things that the government wouldn’t want us to know or pay attention to. However, the “war on terror” is kind of old right now. I would say a more relevant point would be the issues that we currently have with shootings. I don’t want to head down conspiracy terrority too much, but there’s a lot of shifty things out there that makes me somewhat suspicious. I don’t have direct evidence, but there’s a hint of underlying fraud there.
