Before watching this video and hearing about him from the previous class session, I had no clue who Noam Chomsky was, and I was surprised to see how I didn’t know about this person since the video described him as an “important intellectual” and someone who “transformed the subject of linguistics, was a voice of libertarian socialism for American policy”. Going into the beginning of the video I could see it relate to the previous reading talking about the webs of deceit and elementary truths being hidden. The previous article talked about targeted advertisement through motions like politics which could manipulate or double down a person’s political view, similar to here how Professor Chomsky talks about the web has a technique of control that can allude the public with ignorant teachings and other deceiving mass media. This type of manipulation through media is terrifying, and the more and more I read into it through these articles and videos, the more I feel like people can be molted into other people’s opinions so easily. This could range from a small opinion about a food or idea into something more serious like a political idea on how our country should be run/who should run it. I like Chomsky’s idea of social action needing to be animated by a future society, because to me, I interpret that as our own society working together in harmony to bring justice and negotiation to one another for the future. I never knew what the title Manufacturing Consent meant, but I could see how it’s a revolution of practicing democracy as discussed in the video. With mass media we question ourselves on so many vital opinions and relations, and network corporations themselves can abuse this media for their own benefits for money and vast power from manipulation. A variety of dysfunctional institutions can use the media to project their false beliefs to others, especially those vulnerable with thinking. My brother is very dedicated and interested in politics, so seeing him get manipulated or introduced to the wrongfully moral viewpoints is fearful, while he seems smart enough to know between what’s right and wrong, it’s still scary to think on how high end network corporations can put an effort to try and manipulate people like him. The concept of American aggression has been more and more noticeable and can even be directed in the smallest forms such as advertisement. I was surprised to see all this controversy spark up against Chomsky, such as the government debating against him with the ideas of misinterpretation and thought control. These levels of coverage showed that the government felt like Chomsky was trying to bring out some sort of intellectual intimidation and it makes you think if this government is really fighting to question Chomsky’s concept of Manufacturing Consent, or possibly trying to quiet him for the sake of all the reputations of high end networking companies. This form of direct resistance is something I may want to try and implement into my final project for this class.

