This is rather long and covers a lot of topics and information, but I think, perhaps because of the age of the interview, many of these issues have been discussed ad nauseam and are common discourse now, even if people feel powerless to do anything about them. I feel as thought I'm wary of Naom Chomskey for many of the reasons of manufactured narratives that he discusses here. His name is common in news headlines and is lauded by commenters in the echo chamber forums where I go to read news that doesn't conflict with my comfortable worldview. I think it would be some sad irony if his character and figure have been used to accomplish the very things that he warned about here. 

The concept of justifiable coercion and similarly the fifth freedom were concept that I hadn't really thought much about before. Generally we think of "freedom" as the pinnacle to reach for, but there are situations where control is permissible or good if the justification is strong enough, like a law to not murder people as a very obvious baseline example, but he even extends it to instances of war. The fifth freedom, which was used in the context of United States acting on the rest of the world, was a term that was used to describe one sided freedom that is a subjugation of others. People can't expect to be completely free, to have that fifth freedom, because if you have the freedom to kick everyone in the shins, then someone else's freedom to walk around without being kicked in the shins is violated.

I thought the insight into the constraints on speeches in the media was interesting too. It still seems the case that speakers have to just have a few minutes or even a few seconds worth of easily digestible sound bites that just confirm the audience' viewpoint because stating a contradictory viewpoint requires evidence and presenting evidence takes time that people aren't willing to invest and outlets aren't willing to give. I think this is a big part of why Trump was so successful. His entire campaign was built on single phrase narratives, "lock her up," "build the wall," "make American great again," "drain the swamp," etc. He never needed to provide any evidence or plan for how or why those things would happen, people filled in the blanks themselves based on their existing narratives.

I also thought his response to the statements that he should be grateful to be in a country where he isn't sent to a mental institution or murdered for his statements was pretty good too. He doesn't deny it and even says that America is very free, but he approaches it with the idea that despite that, there are still a lot of problems and a lot of room for improvement. I think that's a good attitude. I hate when people say that being critical of America's history or actions or systems means that you hate the country and should go somewhere else. I think that if you really care about something, you'll try to make it the best it can be. 
