The media in our society today is dictated by capitalistic tendencies and desires, and as such is designed to market towards us. Though America brands itself as a land of free speech and information, the reality is that it rather tightly controls what information is seen by the public. Though news reporters will speak of controversial internal and worldwide events, they are almost always spun in a way that benefits the powerful of the country. 

An example is the recent seizure of power in Bolivia by military far-right activists from its first indigenous leader, Evo Morales. During this seizure, militants desecrated indigenous religion, instead heralding Christianity in its stead. Though this was obviously what one may refer to as a coup, bots and reporters flooded social media and the internet with the phrase: “Friends, there is no coup in Bolivia”. The amount of sudden backlash was almost humorous in its attempt to stand as truth, but it points to an alarming reality of how quickly officials will try to enact “damage control” on issues they don’t want the general public to know of.

Another recent example is social media backlash towards protests in Hong Kong. A friend of mine made a post condemning China’s actions on twitter, and within minutes he was swarmed with bots decrying Hong Kong and its protesters, instead promoting the Chinese government. While this doesn’t change our own minds of what’s going on, to someone uninformed of recent events, such an outpouring of support for the country could appear to be genuine. 

Within these Hong Kong protests and their publication to the US lies another statement of how governments try to control our media, however - American backlash towards China causes no issues for American politicians, and thus they do not try and stop it. However, when backlash could be dangerous, such as that towards Bolivia’s coup, information on it is skewed to appear in favor for those who desire it so. 

The most important thing to keep in mind during this era of the internet and information is to consider who our sources are coming from, and carefully think about what to believe. 
