To summarize the article, we are all manipulated by the media. We often think the media inform the public, serve the public so that we can better engage in the political process. But in fact, media manufacture our consent. They tell us what those in power need them to tell us. So we can fall inline. “Democracy is staged with the help of media that work as propaganda machines”. I found another link that better explains the “five filters” of media. Media operate through five filters: 1. Ownership 2. Advertising. 3. The media elite 4. Flak (punish the whistleblower) 5. Common enemy (a target). Which in this case can be Communism, or an immigrant. If we want to challenge power, we will be pushed to the margins. 

My personal opinion about this is that I think it will be like this forever. As long as the government holds the highest power, honesty in media can only happen in our ideal world. It’s interesting that sometimes we think we receive the newest, rawest news but in fact the message we received have already been manufactured perhaps a thousand times. We no longer know what is real and what is not, seems like we don’t even care about it anymore. It’s a true tragedy that mass media becomes a propaganda machine that not only control our feedbacks but also control our emotions. It wants us to react the way it wants. It’s hard to break the circle. 

I found this module particularly well used in China. Whenever we try to read an article, it has to be first what we called “politically right” in order to be public, then it conveys us with certain messages. For advertisement purposes, the advertisement would jump out at the end of the article as if it’s a surprise, but indeed, it’s a nightmare. I don’t really see how the majority of people can change themselves, I would think the majority of people would always be those who are ignorant of the truth (just like how Noam Chompsky says, 80% follows the 20% people). It’s not only a tragic but also an unchangeable (at least in the next 50 years) pattern. 
