Xenofeminism is the act of avoiding biases in technology and how people should not perceive things in a certain way based on their culture or gender. This mostly involves stereotyping and causes a lot of indifferences between each other for technological advancement. Alienation is one of the biggest problems we face that the article mentions. One example of biases in technology I can think of facial recognition systems that misread Asian people because of the similar faces. Because it was developed in another country with a white prominent race, the facial recognition did not have much data on Asian facial traits which ultimately led to assumption and impractical to use. This is where XF comes into play where it is the practice to see all with no filters. I believe the internet was developed to bring a space to understand those from another culture, but things get passed around the web and eventually limits access only towards certain people causing restriction and bias to the others. 

I relate this to a lot of AI searches and ads that pop up on my feed. Sometimes when I sign up for new accounts that require some information, the company than sell my information to the web and in return, I get new ads that send me in a certain direction. Other times I remember certain products appearing on my feed after google searching one item. I remember a time I searched standing desks and then when I open my Facebook feed, I would see a lot of ads of different companies that also sell standing desks.

The article goes to explain that xenofeminism should be re-designed or engineered into a new way of negotiation to create freedom. Feminism definitely has grown and reached more popularity through recent years. They intend to promote positivity in freedom and break the social hierarchy within the internet where some sources or individuals are at an advantage. The peak of xenofeminism would probably be when it started to affect our individual lives. Such as AI filtering out job applicants because of gender or race which is definitely a problem we should negotiate. 
