Xenofeminism, or XF, is a new wave of feminism that is intended to adapt and change the new technological changes and trends that society as a whole is constantly moving towards. Going off of the reading, Xenofeminism aims to boost the feminist ideals by analyzing how the patriarchy has used technology to its’ own advantage. And how technology has allowed feminism to progress. Xenofeminism also allows other social justice issues in consideration such as LGBT issues and other minority issues. 
The bias within technology is a bias that has been within the inner workings of humanity for generations before technology even existed. Even before technology, the gender bias has existed between men and women. Men have and perpetually continue to dominate sectors of technology, plus the men’s bias are more likely to perpetuate within their dominated sector. An example of bias within technology as discussed in the reading was that a female doctor has been assumed male within the door reader system because majority of the other doctors were male. This led to her being denied access to the women’s area because it had assumed her gender based on her status. This bias is that the system has automatically assumed she was a male rather than female because there was a male majority of doctors and female majority of nurses. Another example of bias within technology is African American people being identified as gorillas in Google’s undertrained facial recognition algorithm. However, the software lacked fine tuning and recognizing darker skin tones. Which brings up the case of facial recognition not being able to identify Asian faces or that they all look the same within the iPhone’s facial recognition software. Which has also been fixed, but if they had done testing on anybody other than Caucasian skinned people then they would not have received such incredulous results. 
Unfortunately, technology up until recent has been dominated by males who have developed a bias within this sector. This has allowed these biases to begin and build a power structure. An example of this would be that white men are assumed to be technological masters, whereas women are seen to struggle or not understand technology in the slightest. A bias within this industry is shown when you see the ratio of men vs women who are hired by tech companies. Women have every access to what men have, but they are sometimes seen as lesser compared to a man in an interview. However, many women today have beneficial attributes that allow them to get a foot in the door because nothing stays stagnant forever. Which included the status quo. Today, many women are excelling or being pushed towards STEM subjects with heroes to look up to who have influenced and impacted the STEM sector we know and appreciate today. There will never be an exact 1:1 ratio within any sector, however I do believe that everyone should have access to different sectors regardless of age, sex, or skin color. 
