<p>It is conflicting the nature. If nature itself is unfair, then we change nature. I think this article is generally very idealistic. Throughout history, what we have experienced and what we have seen is actually “against‘ the ideals. In today's society, even in the short-term future, women still have no way to live in an exact equal society – this is the natural phenomenon of today. From the cultural background of the past, men hold the dominant position in our community. Although this sounds harsh, it has to be acknowledged that this is the truth. In many technical fields, the ratio of male and female employees is very unequal. Many companies choose not to hire women because they spend a lot of time giving birth to several babies and spend a lot of energy to raise their children up. After this phenomenon becomes more and more common, the government will stipulate some positions. For example, the ratio of male to female must reach a certain value. However, such a rule seems to be a kind of protection or support for women, but on the other hand, it gives a feeling that women have no way to obtain this "benefit" by their own ability.</p>
<br>
<p>The concept of feminist ideas needs to be developed, but I don't think it needs to be deliberate or over-developed. In the field of technology, there are enough works to speak for women, and in your life, you can't change everyone's thoughts. This so-called 'natural' phenomenon has actually changed through the development of feminism and social， as well as the cultural background. If there is no way to completely change nature, we can try to change ourselves to a certain extent. On the one hand, in the context of today's technological advances and cultural changes, this view is never outdated, as the authors say that it is a rational idea. I think it is not simply a matter of genderism, but rather the equality of this society. It represents the rational state of people who are always eager to be unimpeded by prejudice, whether at the gender, cultural or ethnic level. In this society, ideology is not inherent in the human brain but is derived from social existence. Human ideology is influenced by factors such as thinking ability, environment, information (education, propaganda), and value orientation. Therefore, the existence of feminism, indoctrinating people's intangible thoughts, can still promote the development of society.</p>
