When I think of bias built in technology today, I think of the internet and google in particular. Everything I search in Google feels like it is tailored to results from the highest payers in google. When I look up a Japanese song made by a very local town in Japan, I get Spotify and Youtube in the results that don’t even feature this DJ in anyway. The structures are reinforced by the media and who’s throwing the most money into the pot, there is a hierarchy of those in who paid to be in line. The internet immediacy is controlled, not natural, and involves alienation. Injustice by default, suffering discrimination. XF is anti-naturalist. Technology is fused with culture to make certain ideas never possible, and how we can view gender inequality in multiple ways. Technologies are using women who are underpaid and voiced, which is just the surface of problems with the injustice today. Change is possible by correction of the mechanical, ideological and structural ways in our society. Xenofeminism is rationalism that creates space under male centered society, it is a female emancipation. Xenofeminism is more than just digital freedom,  it is trying to cultivate positive freedom. The concept of feminism needs to evolve to break up the hierarchy in the internet and provide results that are narrowed down relevance. The forms of representation today and the internet is an antiquated technology that is obviously putting some sources or individuals at an advantage and is merely reflecting the wants and needs of certain few to reflect upon society. 
