<h1>Reading Six: Xenofeminism</h1>
<p>
So this isn't a part of the prompt, but why is the best thing to do right now to make new kinds of feminism or legitimize gender. I always see people come up with different ways of trying to not identify with the standard gender or to stray from what is the cultural norm. It is more a cry of counter-culture than anything else. This reading talks a lot about the gender inequalities of today, and while it is not wrong about how the world works right now, it still is talking about a social structure. Why are people not trying to get rid of the human-made institution altogether instead of coming up with an infinite amount of genders, essentially reinforcing the concept. <br><br>
We can look up in the article itself. The word "sex" comes up three times, only once coming up in the context of sex being the biological category almost everyone is born into. The word gender, on the other hand, comes up 26 times. The manifesto itself is talking directly about the social structure that is gender, sure, but if the author is seeking for equality above all else, wouldn't gender itself be the issue. In a fantasy world where we can take away something without there being a cultural vaccuum, wouldn't getting rid of gender and categories fix the issue? Of course we can't expect people to be so keen on change that gets rid of a way people make themselves feel superior, but isn't xenofeminism just doing that same thing?<br><br>
It seems that Xenofeminism is a "hyper-equality". The XF basically is a really long way of saying "equal in all ways". It covers all the ground by explaining what places are one gender less represented or less powerful than the other and then saying "lets make that not happen and make it equal". It brings up a desire to systematically change the way people think or "rationalize", to basically get rid of gender inequality by making everyone cater their products and ideas to literally everyone. Essentially make everyone happy.
</p>
