Truly our world is in a state of trance. Balancing on the ideas of what it means to live our lives integrated into technology, currently, versus our interpretation of the future. Laboria Cuboniks proposes a future living without the monotonous lifestyle that comes in the pursuit of money and the labours that come alongside it. I believe individuals who thrive or suffer from a capitalist society are unaware of a lifestyle that is anything but capitalism. America, for example, has been for a long time a capitalist nation. Generations have been inundated with capitalistic practices meanwhile lifestyle and culture revolve around the idea of money (i.e. materialism). Transitioning into Cuboniks proposed society seems difficult to imagine not just for those living under capitalism but even for optimists like myself. 

I agree with Cuboniks that freedom is not natural it is a construct of the human mind. To have freedom is to have limits; freedom creates alienation. Cuboniks states that, “nothing should be accepted as fixed.” I agree with her statement, everything should be viewed not as permanent or natural but something that can be changed. An example I like to think of was the idea that the universe revolves around the Earth (geocentric model or ptolemaic model). At the time, this was considered nature it was a worldwide belief until Galileo disproved the idea. I believe keeping an open mind will help tremendously to subjugate the issues related to discrimination. The temptation to think that something is the way it should be because that is how its always been should be an idea that is avoided. To think largely for a change in the world is commendable despite the difficulty in execution, at least if it is done by a single person. Truly an idea for change in the global scale is achieved through collective coordination. 

To come into understanding, gender abolitionism is to define oneself by class rather than by trait. One may be defined as a man because he has a penis, in gender abolitionism, he has a penis because he was defined as having one. In honesty, the term gender abolitionism is difficult for me to grasp. I am unsure if I defined it correctly. Is there a difference between man and male, woman and female? Sex is a biological definer that is assumed by trait, that is having a certain genitalia, whereas gender is the individual understanding of what the person believes themselves to be. Gender comes later in life with the development of secondary sex characteristics and higher levels of estrogen or testosterone as well as the amount of certain chromosomes. People in development or have been developed into a man or woman may not consist wholly in the definition of man or woman but a mix. There are those who manipulate themselves into something other than the traditional classifications. What do we call ourselves if this is the case? Should we have an unlimited number of sexes? In relation to my life, everything that surrounds me is in a state of possible change.
