In the reading, the meaning of Xenofeminism is discussed. Xenofeminism is defined as a new wave of feminism, in which the use of technology and media is used to bring awareness and fight for rights. Xenofeminism is not only dedicated to fighting for women’s rights but for all genders, race, and sexuality as well. In my opinion, xenofeminism is more inclusive and a better way to approach equality because it does not exclude anyone. For instance, feminism may be fighting for women’s rights, but what about transgender women? What about those who identify themselves as women but do not fit the “description”? Is feminism also fighting for LGBTQ rights? Of course there are many feminists who also fight for LGBTQ rights but it is not as extensive as Xenofeminsim. Xenofeminism also focuses on issues regarding the minority, which is splendid. The reading also mentions about “Gender Abolitionism”, which is an ambition to make a society that follows gender construct rules to no longer function under them, but more freely. In other words, there is not more gender but everyone is and is treated equally as one. I think society would function better this way since discrimination and priveledge would be seen less. There would be no reason for any of that to occur since equitably. It also mentions race abolitionism which is exactly the same as gender abolitionism but focuses in not discriminating based on the person’s skin color. A bit of bias can be seen in technology. For example, many technological devices are voiced by a woman. Why is it mostly a woman’s voice? Does it sound more appealing and soothing? Does it attract attention more? There are sometimes an option to change it to a voice of a male, but by default, most of them are voiced by a woman. Another great example is the infamous case of a woman, who has a title of “Dr” got denied to enter the gym’s locker room because the entry system assumed she was male. It was not because she sounded masculine but because the entry system was programmed to identify anyone with the title “Dr” as male. Also, since most tech jobs are mostly more males than women, there are times where bias can occur. For instance, people may assume the male knows more and is more experienced than the female, therefore the person would trust and rely more the man then the woman. 
