From the reading, I think the intentions of xenofeminism are meant to transcend issues of females versus males to tackle problems that the LGBT+ faces, as well as how the male dominated technology industry has been utilized to negatively affect females. The first thing that came to mind when thinking of bias being built into technology was the AI that was used for Amazon's hiring process. It was biased towards hiring male applicants over female ones because most of the workers at the company were male and that's part of what it was basing its qualifications off of. There was also the case of the female doctor not being allowed access to a gym when using her ID card. It was denying her access because of her title as a doctor and the system only recognized males as doctors. I've also read about how the 2010 Kinect had a hard time recognizing female and child movement compared to male adults because system had been tested on men between the ages 18 to 35 and had a harder time recognizing the body movements of others.  Power structures are reinforced through the technological status quo due to the excessive number of white males that tend to dominate the tech industry while women are usually left to “perform some of the worst paid, monotonous and debilitating labor.” Females definitely have the capability to perform tasks and work on projects that can be on par or better than a man’s, so it’s pretty disappointing knowing that these women are being paid less for their work compared to their male counterpart. I think if there was a shift in the workplace where it was more inclusive with a diverse workforce then we could prevent these technological biases that shouldn’t exist in the first place. It’s kind of scary to think about these biases. I usually just accept them as they come without really thinking about how much I, as a female, am hindered because these technologies weren’t built with female intentions in mind. Sometimes I don’t even think to put the blame on these things and just feel like I can’t use certain things effectively due to my own shortcomings and inabilities. I don’t think feminism is an antiquated term despite the present-day technological advancements and shifts in culture. With its definition as a struggle for equality between sexes, I still think it’s very much applicable for today’s standards. It’s general enough to adapt to a time that is surrounded by a culture of technology but can also be slightly altered without losing the overall message of fighting for equality. I do think that certain aspects can be added, such as when Cubonik says to strive for positive freedom rather than just regular freedom. Freedom by itself leads to people doing bad things [ie. cyberbulling; biases in AI; revenge porn, etc.] just because they have the ability to. Positive freedom creates a guideline for people to follow and live by so that we can all live in an equal world.
