Xenofeminism is a new wave of feminism meant to adapt to the new technological shift and trends that society is currently heading towards. From the reading, what I’ve gleaned is that xenofeminism aims to take the feminist cause even further by examining how the patriarchy has wielded technology versus how technology has furthered the feminist cause. This ideology also takes other closely related social justice issues under its wing, such as LGBT+ causes and other minority causes.

There is most definitely bias built into technology. Humans are the ones who create technology, and we are all inherently biased in one way or another. Because men have long dominated these sectors, their biases are more likely to make their way into our technology versus women’s biases. One example of bias in technology is something that was mentioned in a previous reading - a female doctor was denied access to the gym because the door readers only had males registered as doctors. Since she was a doctor, the system assumed she was a male and barred her from entering the women’s area of the gym. Another example of bias in technology is black people being identified as gorillas by Google Photos’ undertrained algorithm. The software lacked experience in viewing and recognizing darker skinned folks. This also opens another can of worms. It’s not just men that have allowed their biases to seep into technology - more specifically, it is the white man that has dictated how technology functions. 

As previously mentioned, white males have had much more input in our technology due to their dominance of the area. This technological status quo has allowed power structures to continue to thrive. An example of that would be people automatically assuming that men are tech whizzes and women are less knowledgeable on the subject matter. Another example of this would be the amount of men and women employees hired by tech corporations. It has been shown that it is more difficult for women to get their foot in the door versus their male counterparts. Since more men get hired, more of their biases come through into the company, and women continue to fall prey to this status quo. It’s a vicious cycle that will continue to take time to combat.

Feminism is defined as “the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes” and “organized activity on behalf of women's rights and interests” by the Merriam Webster dictionary. According to that, I don’t believe that feminism is an outdated term at all. Even with the rise of technology and its impacts on our culture, it is still relevant as ever today. Feminism doesn’t have to be limited to a narrow scope - it is a movement that grows and adapts to the needs of women as time passes. In that sense, I believe that feminism is an ever growing and ever evolving movement. It can continue to be a fight for equality of the sexes while also tying into the social issues that have been plaguing technology.
