
Laboria Cuboniks’s manifesto on xenofeminism is a long provocative reading about equality for all people, treating women, people of color, and lgbtq+ people as equal to the standard white straight male model in a digital world. In a world that is so emerged in the virtual there is the ability to be anonymous or to be seen for what identity you are. The anonymity does masquerade people but if your digital persona is not in the straight white male it is easy for others to attack you without repercussion. The internet and modern technology were made by white straight males and there seems to be a bias. We have been locked into these models as they are familiar and so much digital architecture have been based on these models. Xenofeminism acts to be a “digital self-defense and freedom from patriarchal networks” to be able to fight against the biases that are built in. There is a lack of representation as well because technology cost more and more money to get the latest and greatest thing. Traditionally only white males could obtain enough money to get these products but the more equality there is the more of the non-traditional people can join. The idea of the “raceless”, “sexless”, cis stereotype will change.


Even though the cause seems to be rooted in feminism as thought to be power to women it is not simple this, the manifesto even aims to help those in non-nuclear family units as in contemporary society these are not as common. There is a mother board which things are put on and male and female ports, why can’t there be other types of technology that does not require these. If the idea of feminism is changed like xenofeminism then it can encompass more people and can possibly unite us all. There will be no need to fight overpower if there is an equal opportunity for everyone.

On the medical side, there is a section of the manifesto that aims to target pharmaceuticals, choosing to put the power in our hands to make it easier for people to access healthcare. Just like open source software, we can open the methods to making things to anyone. Everything is driven by money and people medicine is important to live a healthy life the people that own the pharmaceuticals can charge whatever price they like because you cannot put a price on life. The pharmaceutical companies are also owned by white straight males and that just continues to feed the cycle of economical injustice. There is an injustice as males do not need to produce babies, women are hindered by having to carry a child, maybe in the future there will be a way accommodate or have children more equally. We are learning to hack DNA what is stopping people from changing what it means to be human. Gender can be changed as well, using horomones, the idea of gender is very fluid, why does this change make you less than a cis person?
