Reading through the Xenofeminism manifesto was quite a ride, I had no idea how much we were fighting for rights through several platforms of media and technology. What struck me especially in the text was reading about how the construction of freedom involving not less but more alienation, where it’s the labor for freedom’s construction. In modern times, I have definitely seen my fair share of bias built into technology, such as going back to the reading from James Bridle about Louise Selby being identified as a man through the technology of the gym’s locker room because she had the title Doctor in her name. I feel like the text here is raising a point that we must generate a new world seeing how we are all alienated, and explores other ways we see the weak being exploited. The idea of feminism has evolved and gotten stronger over the years, but I feel like it doesn’t need to evolve further. Instead of evolving further, I feel like feminism should re-exercise it’s ideas of freedom with everyone and focus its attention on focusing of the political, social, and cultural organizations of gender, sexuality, and disparities of power. I feel like xenofeminism is a perspective in the present-day technological advancements and shifts in culture, as thoroughly discussed throughout the entire manifesto. As discussed in the reading, this term talks about strategically deploying existing technologies to re-engineer the world, in hopes of creating rationalism that cultivates positive freedom. Knowing how innovative technology is, this term hopes to dear down melancholy and illusion. When learning about how feminism fought for women’s rights, it’s interesting to see how much more detailed and focused xenofeminism is on other social, political, and technological affairs. While feminism fights for women, xenofeminism is gender-abolitionist, fighting for everyone and their class, gender, and race, hoping to hinge a profound reworked of the universal thought. In addition to the alteration of technology, changes are needed to the environment built around us – in hopes we could reconfigure a society more friendly towards women and queers. Like a schemer, this term looks to not only change the universal language we have but to construct a new one in which the problem at hand is immersed, so that solutions for it, and for any number of related problems, might unfurl with ease. It’s like a platform ambitious of creating a new form of language for sexual politics as well, changing a future where we all coexist together instead of a certain demographic being triumphant rapidly overthrowing others. With feminism fighting for women to have more rights and stand out in society against the oppression of men, xenofeminism hopes to transform an entire society, where we all become the hosts of this new world, building a better semiotic parasite, where we desire what we want to desire. Instead of having to push an agenda and fight in discourse, it’s interesting to learn about the vast patience of xenofeminism where the odds of all these goals being achieved is through waiting it out. 
