

Laboria Cuboniks xenofeminist manifesto consists of seven chapters that talk about giving a new perspective and ideologies on several world topics. Essentially it is “is a platform, an incipient ambition to construct a new language for sexual politics–a language that seizes its own methods as materials to be reworked, and incrementally bootstraps itself into existence”. I agree with the writer that technologies should be created in accordance of equality. For instance, people that have been determined their gender by their reproductive roles. This should not be the case. Bias built into technology are seen often. There is a difference between women and men salaries who work in the tech field. Not many like to point it out but the topic nevertheless has been even more evident. As for technology that has been created to perform certain tasks that have ended in bias are even more so on the rise. For example, bias in Ai which lead to search results corresponding to certain people. Additionally, it has been seen at an increasing rate the injustice in criminal legal systems when determining accurate hearings. This is a problem in the tech field because they have not programmed algorithms that can detect a more fair justice system. The use of algorithms has become a huge concern for many because of the target it has on individuals. 
Another topic mentioned in the reading is Anti- naturalist which enforces that humans should go beyond the idea of gender binary. Also, Cuboniks talks about “more than gender equality, feminism should aim for gender irrelevance” which basically means that gender should not be used to guide our identities. In a simpler sense, Xenofeminism wishes to “call for a new kind of feminism that represents the needs of every human ‘cutting across race, ability, economic standing, and geographical position”. The power structures reinforced through the technological status quo due to the fact that there has been and continues to be a bias for white male dominance in the tech field. The more it happens, the more women fall under the status quo. 
	I believe that the concept of feminism does need to evolve to a certain extent because feminists essentially fight for equality. I think that a lot of people have the idea of feminism confused and for that reason simply believe that its a bad idea. According to online definition, Feminism is “the advocacy of women's rights on the basis of the equality of the sexes”. To this I find extremely accurate and appropriate for the world to abide to. It has become extremely relevant and even so more today because of the rise of new technologies and opportunities that should be in equal considerations among people with different backgrounds.  To an extent, people must realize that feminism and xenopheminism are just two terms that simply fight for accurate equality between sexes as in genders and also social, political problems unnoticed. For this reason, this manifesto works perfectly in current times and should be pushed to a greater degree. 
