Xenofeminism, by Laboria Cubonik is a feminist manifesto that raises questions about the future of feminism. Xenofeminism is anti-capitalist, anti-naturalist, and gender abolitionist.The manifesto mentions intersectionality, people of different class, gender, race, sexuality, and disabilities to identify when they are being prejudiced and how it affects them. That said, the manifesto wants to abolish gender because using gender to navigate us throughout the world restricts us to our full potential as human beings. We should engineer new technologies where there isn’t any “patriarchal networks”,to protect ourselves from oppressing technologies. Xenofeminism wants to fight against unequal access to gendered medical care, climate change, poverty, and unpaid/underpaid labor. Power structures are reinforced through technological status quo by only letting the rich getting access to this technology because they can afford it. In addition, many white males dominate the tech industry that cause bias to be built in technology.An example of that would be the polygraph and it detects physiological changes (ie pulse, sweat, etc)  when the subject is questioned. Multiple factors such as nervousness or knowing how the detector works can make the technology not useful. Despite how biased it can be, they are still used as an act to get the subject to confess a crime. The polygraph detector was also used after the 9/11 attacks to screen employees in which prevented other potential employees to be hired. In New Ways of Seeing, by John Bridle mentions intelligent algorithms are being used by the police in the UK to decide where to patrol and to hold custody. This is bias because of the data created by racist white police officers. Today, women’s products that are “feminized” today are more expensive and less product than men. Already, in jobs we are already paid less and we’re buying lousy products that are expensive. For example, female razor’s blade are not as effective as men but cost more. I personally think that the concept of feminism need to evolve just as technology should because we still haven’t reached equality yet and data is constantly changing.To make people understand what it means to a feminist and what to do when these things are affecting us. A definition of feminism is the theory of political, economical, and social equality of the sexes. That’s one of the best ways of summarizing what it means, but people have trouble grasping what it means to be a feminist and so feminism needs to change to make it more inclusive to make people care. It's perspective in the context of present-day technological advancements and shifts in culture because there are different interpretations of what feminism is and the goals to achieve. If everyone can play their part, and change the way we do and act, it can change the structure of how society is.
