Feminism in technology, or Xenofeminism, as Laboria calls it, is the hunt for equality in an AI- controlled world. Many of the systems that companies use today are developed by men, and thus carry biases - even those not directly created by a man are often overseen by one, and thus have the same issue. Examples of these biases vary in intensity, but can stem from things as simple as assuming the prefix “Mr.” as a default in an online form. This can branch into other issues, such as assumption of pronouns, lack of options for pronouns, and bias placed around which pronouns are used.
  Other biases unrelated to gender are racial ones coded into AI. Recently, employers have been using AI photo recognition technology to pre-screen potential employment candidates, which use an arbitrary set of rules to determine the “best candidates”. With programs like this designed and written primarily by white men, what does the “ideal candidate” look like to these people? Through hiring processes such as these, the power structure is upheld by the privileged. Those who are in power keep on hiring people of their same class, and are now using artificial intelligence to enforce these biases. This prevents change to social status quo. 
 Feminism must evolve to combat these biases, as our world is run by technology. In my opinion, even the term “feminism” itself must evolve, as this movement also impacts non-binary people and other marginalized genders. The work that feminism does also needs to evolve to match the harm being done by global and technological powers. 
Many alt-righters on the internet attempt to indoctrinate young, impressionable people, and this is where feminism has to take a stand. To move forward in human rights and social justice, we must learn to accept the ways our world and the people in it are changing. 


