The Xenofeminist manifesto by Laboria Cuboniks is a manifesto that is much need of our time and or even at the beginnings of technology before it has become every branch of our world today. Now that it is written down as one that supports and demands change of socio- economic but specifically class, gender, and race- it asserts that there should exists in a space in and with technology free from non-political justification, discrimination, bias, and unjust actions towards individuals.
 
Bias built in technology could be seen through the interaction of it, the users, and the ones who get to program it. For instance, an app could be made only for those of upper--socio economic background to use features that are needed with a high fee. Or from the podcast reading we had of the example of a Doctorate that was female who could not sign in the gym due to her name being female and doctorates were seen as males by the system in order for them to gain access to the gym. Another example that personally portrays to me would be algorithms used to screen thousands of resumes for big companies where the more desirable applicants were more privileged or have better socio-economic backgrounds or is could be tied to race. I think a major one at the moment could be the use of social media where everyone’s data is being saved, yet who gets to use the data? Possibly a bias and power of bigger companies and their advantages.
 
Power structures then are reinforced through who controls, distributes and even profits from big data and technology consumption. The technological status quo is seen through how it gets commercialized on a big scale and tracking of every single individual who uses it and then becomes a number amongst millions of other users. The more money and power an individual, group or company has, the more it is also able to influence, suggest and manipulate a greater public.
 
I believe that the concept of feminism may not be need to change (equality to all), and may need to be enhanced to follow the updates of technology. Yet, I do not believe it has to involve entirely, but may have to catch up with the times of the wide spectrum and fluidity of gender and gender norms. Therefore, I do think that it is an antiquated term and should be an important perspective in the context of present-day technological advancements as our culture shifts to modern trends and concerns.

In my opinion, I think it is important not only as someone who identifies as female and knowing many who indeity in different ways from the ‘norm’ to understand what current feminism is doing and how it could do more of what should be doesn. As xenofeminism asserts, our world is being transformed by automation,globalization, digital revolution where there it’s role is becoming more complex. This manifesto claims that there is a glitch in our system as technological advances changing rapidly are not monitored or put into careful consideration of the diverse humans that use it.


I will, and all those around me, will constantly be using technology for all purposes of our everyday lives and knowing what is wrong is the first step in helping enforce what should be done to make things right. Make things right for a just society, or at least a step towards it through abolishing the label gender and using forth the very technology that we consume to make it happen, no matter the background and field one is in.
