When the article says “Xenofeminism is a rationalism”, and “Rationalism must 
itself be a feminism” it provides me a new insight. It didn’t make sense to me at first -- but if to think about it for a while, it starts to make sense. Because the “nature” already imbalanced and has its own bias… later females have to work harder to fix it. And “rationalism”, the word itself sounds masculine somehow (which probably due to the fact that people tend to think males are more rational than females), so sarcastically speaking, the word rationalism lose its rationality if it’s not feminism.

“Xenofeminism is about more than digital self-defence and freedom from patriarchal networks.  We want to cultivate the exercise of positive freedom -- freedom-to rather than simply freedom-from -- and urge feminists to equip themselves with the skills to 
redeploy existing technologies and invent novel cognitive and material tools 
in the service of common ends.” Speaking of patriarchal system, we only think it as an old system which no longer lives in our current world. But it’s still here, it’s here virtually rather than physically. For example, a very recent incident I know happened around me was some kind of private information spilled of a female friend. Her boyfriend (whom no longer is) recorded their private conversation on the phone and then spilled it onto the internet, suddenly private became public (the information contains some explicit contents, mainly around the topic sex). What is more scary than the whole incident was reading the comments on the internet, see how people react about it, especially males. The term “prostitute” was used often on the internet, with hostility holding towards the female, whom actually a victim of the incident. 

See, patriarchal system still exist, it never gets old and it exits digitally now. Since people are not responsible for what they are saying on the internet, they can say anything they want. And that “freedom” give them the option to harm females and from that we can see the patriarchal system. Going back to the XF manifesto, I kind of understand why people have to fight for positive freedom - rather than simple freedom. Simple freedom will fade away easily in our digital world.
