The Laboria Cuboniks Xenofeminist Manifesto has allowed me to view feminism from a different perspective. When asked what feminism is, immediately my response is the idea that women and men should be equal.  Xenofeminism seems to be the same thing, except way more inclusive. For example, the manifesto reads, “… Anyone who’s experienced injustices wrought in the name of natural order, will realize that the glorification of ‘nature’ has nothing to offer us – the queer and trans among us, the differently-abled, as well as those who have suffered discrimination due to pregnancy or duties connected to child-rearing” (0x01). There are many more marginalized groups of people out there that have been and currently are treated unfairly in the name of what Cuboniks calls ‘essentialist naturalism.’ Xenofeminism is about not accepting anything as a given because that only means some things, we are powerless to change, and I do not like the idea of not being able to change something.

I remember all the times I visited my family in Mexico, and the frustration that came along with it. My grandfather is a conservative Catholic stuck to his old-fashioned and traditional ideals. He believes that the man needs to be in charge of the household. That women need to know how to cook and take on the responsibility of motherhood once married. That women need to depend on and never talk back to their husbands. When I was younger, I was lucky enough to have parents that let me travel on my own. Despite doing so many things independently, my grandpa still saw me as incapable and naïve.  When I cut my hair short for the first time, he refused to look or talk to me that first day. He said I looked like a boy and that I needed to be more feminine. Then, there are the homophobic remarks he makes. My grandpa was not the only person I had to hear this from; I was surrounded by relatives and acquaintances with misogynistic and homophobic ideals. Being surrounded by those ideals for a short amount of time was irritating and draining, so I cannot imagine what it is like for the people who constantly live with them. 

I had a tendency of calling people out and challenging their ideals, something that most of my relatives disliked. I vented to my mom a few times and even she told me that some ways of life cannot be changed, and that it can come across as disrespectful to come into someone’s home and speak against their ideas. I understand that some things are part of culture, but just because they are does not make them right. Then again, who am I to judge what is right and wrong? The paradox of tolerance comes to mind, which basically means that a society should be intolerant of intolerance. It just really gets to me when things that can obviously be improved or changed for the better are left as is due to that ‘essentialist naturalism,’ as Cuboniks calls it. 
