When I read this article, this article brings up many points in this society that should be fixed. This way, it will be fair for everyone especially for those who aren’t caucasian and male.
One bias built in technology is only hiring men mainly instead of women. This leads to women having no jobs and no income. AI’s believe that the field job is best for men so the system would only hire men due to the coding in it. And the ones who coded the AI are men. This system will need women or a different gender’s point of view to code and that way any gender or race can be hired. 
Another bias built into technology is supporting caucasian race and being unfair to the other races. In the jail system, many caucasians have a light penalty such as a few months or years in detention than the other races who will receive harsher penalties such as having detention, detained, execution, or life in prison. The punishment system is very biased especially with the crime the person has done. 
One technology that is going through both gender and race bias is voice recognition system. I read this from an article that the voice recognition system doesn’t recognize voices from a woman or from a non caucasian. From an experiment, the system with a white male received an A-. The system with a female received a C. The system with a non caucasian received a D. This is very biased and should be fixed within the coding. The speech scientist also mentions about the TED talk speakers, how 70% are male speakers. The system is being unfair for women and non caucasian and this advanced technology can lose money. There’s a study that women buy most things in this world. It’s also unfair for noncaucasian who have accents where they can’t purchase much such as the refrigerator with voice recognition system implanted.  
Power structures are reinforced by having women and different races to type in the new code into the system. This is also changing the environment for the system and that way the system can learn to treat equal to every race and gender. I find this upsetting how this problem has been going on for many years and hasn’t been fixed at all from the big companies such as Google, Amazon, Apple, etc. But I’m glad to see small communities gathering women and non caucasians to help code and to improve the system in this world. Small changes count a lot and it may expand more in the future. 
I do believe the concept of feminism needs to evolve. In this generation, there are now many different names of genders other than men and women. I feel that other genders should also be included in feminism. I remember there was a problem with including other genders in the feminism act and I don’t think it makes sense if the concept of feminism is to have everyone be treated equally in this community. Everyone should be treated equally in this society and community. 



