
Social media platforms have been evolving since the start of the digital age. Users, globally from different age ranges, are trusting these platforms with their personal information in successfully creating their accounts. But what if the most popular social media platform leaks your valuable personal information? Facebook, one of the leading social media platforms in the world, currently faces issues of security and privacy, mainly involving data. Throughout the years of its existence, researchers found studies involving issues of self-image and addiction with its usage. Perhaps without Facebook, present problems involving personal data and social problems would be evitable. 

Facebook is an online social media and social networking service founded by Mark Zuckerberg in 2004. It is one of the most popular social media is used worldwide. In the quarter year of 2019, 2.41 billion users have been active on Facebook. Facebook is an online community that is used to further one’s communication around the world without any fees. To create a Facebook account, a user must enter their personal data allowing Facebook to keep this information in their system. A Facebook user posts their biographical information, photos and videos that could be accessed by anyone but can also be limited through privacy settings.

Facebook can use our data in many ways such as data mining, lead generation, marketing, and creating algorithms. The algorithm Facebook creates targets the users by showing the users what they desire based on their likes. This causes an addiction for the users and allows Facebook to gain more data from them. It becomes an inescapable cycle of addiction. 
	
Under the case that there are more and more Facebook users, Facebook as social media provides people with a virtual platform, which enables people to find a new "world" here. In this world, people are willing to enjoy and share lives and satisfy their vanity; because they can get likes and comments. However, under such behavior, people will disguise themselves and pretend to be the person that most people like, which is not the real self. In a world where vanity is constantly being met, people are beginning to become morbid, and many social problems started occurring.

The author James Bridle mentions in his book, New Dark Age- and the end of the future, on why technology is creating a ‘dark age.’ The idea of Facebook not being considered an existing facet, questions Bridles formulated thought of data being possibly manipulated or used wrongly, as mentioned in his book. What exactly is the purpose of the internet? And why is it in a sense a ‘danger’ to society? In Bridle’s words, it is -  “the combination of high-speed computation and global networking - that is largely responsible for the ascendance of invasive data mining, “fake news”, and mass surveillance”. Since Facebook is a huge corporation that provides global networking and takes part in the collection of data, the thought of its non-existence would definitely be impactful.



