Reading One:

For the assigned journals, I read David Sandoval’s Intellectual Property in the Age of Digital Reproduction and Jennifer McCoy’s Our Work in 4 Ltrs. (or less). These articles were very interesting and entertaining, as it connected to me on a personal level. The first article tackles how art and technology has evolved and intersected with each other, and the other one is an amusing article that dives into an article that does not have any words longer than four characters. 
Intellectual Property in the Age of Digital Reproduction discusses the plans of the Graffiti Research Lab, which is to combat the proliferation of corporate media and ads across the urban landscape. The GRL also plans on using graffiti technologies to promote social change.. As an aspiring graffiti artist, I was surprised and excited upon reading this information. Graffiti has been seen by society as vandalism because of the places where it is created on. Although there are a number of people who are against this form of art, there are still some people who support the idea behind it. 
But GRL created a powerful technology where their information’s accessibility is public. This is dangerous, as other companies could use it to their own advantage. This is where the issue of Intellectual Property and lawsuits come in. Personally, I wish that GRL would close the accessibility to the public and just do their plans internally. This will help them have less problems within other industries. This article also tackled the usage of Creative Commons. As I became more aware of copyright usage and privacy, I knew that Creative Commons was the site to use if I needed stock photos or music. Nowadays, people just download or save any kind of media online. With the growth and expansion of the internet, people became more careless about the media they use on their social media accounts. “The digitalization of media has entered new uncharted ground which needs to be addressed. Creative Commons licenses are a good quick fix to these issues, especially with regard to artists trying to make their product “free” but not to corporations which do not align with their message.” A lot of intellectual property of artists are being used with no consent, which creates a lot of problems involving boundaries and privacy. 
The second article, Our Work in 4 Ltrs (or less), is a creative article involving words that are no longer than four letters. This reminded me of a poem because of the usage of rhyming words. But this article is more than just its words and sentences. It tackles the importance of unity in creating art. “We can talk to you of the idea of play, of data, of code, of a rule, of two who make work, idea by idea, side by side.” This article discusses the evolution of collaboration between artists. As technology evolves, collaboration involving 
the usage of new machines like computers grows as well. The article mentioned the usage of coding, and how their romance grew within their love for art. It was an interesting piece, and I would definitely recommend this to anyone. 


Reading Two:

Through watching Ways of Seeing, I couldn't help but compare the old and new ways of how people “see” things. The evolution of art and technology heavily impacted people’s perspective. It created a new way of living for all human beings. Appreciation of art has been altered through the innovation of technology. Like in the first episode, John Berger tackled the creation of camera, and how it affects the whole experience. 
My favorite quote from the first episode was “A large part of seeing depends upon habit and convention”. As time passes by, we all tend to pick up a habit that’s actively done within our surroundings. As our way of living changes, our habits also gets affected. If you go in a museum today, you most likely will see tons of people taking photos using their phones. Before, especially with the examples in John Berger’s videos-- people enjoyed the experience in the museum. They enjoyed looking at these paintings with no other agenda but to admire. The first episode revolves a lot around perspective. Even though it was directly talking about appreciation of art, specifically paintings, the connection of it to our present times. The second episode discussed the images of women and how they are portrayed through the European artwork. These women wondered how these paintings have shaped their images throughout the years. The paintings created had sexual characteristics that changed other people’s perspective. I heavily agree that these sexual characteristics have changed people’s perspective on women, especially men. The insights that the women in the video provided are still relevant today. Women are still fighting for their rights, especially in the media. I believe that history should be blamed for this, for their portrayal of women. 
The third video dives into the topic of oil paintings, and how it depicts a person’s status before. It talks about the high value of painting, and how it was a symbol of wealth. This episode also talks about how paintings are made, and each painstakingly detail created on it. “Works of art in other cultures and periods celebrated wealth and power”. Before, artworks were popular in terms of wealth and culture but in the present time-- technology is now more valued than oil paintings. I believe that oil paintings are still highly valued but technological devices gain more recognition and 
acknowledgement from everyone. The attention switched and it became today’s status of wealth. 
After watching these episodes, I realized that John Berger’s Ways of Seeing is highly connected to how we live today. Although the topics involved are about the old way of art appreciation, you could easily connect it with social problems that our society is facing today. From technology, images, life status or symbol-- these topics and the issues that come with it will continually arise. Visual arts or media plays an important part in depicting these social topics, as we human beings are centered on it. 


Reading Four:

After reading Julian Bleecker’s 2007 Design Fiction, I became highly interested in the term that was used the most--- Design Fiction. Design Fiction is the combined efforts of science fact, design and fiction. It is a mixture of these critical concepts created using several or more creative processes. The traditional practices that intertwines science fact and fiction are also involved in the process of Design Fiction. People design new creations for the betterment of lives. Whether these creations play a bigger or smaller impact, it has altered the world we live in. Through new discoveries in science, our society has evolved rapidly in the different fields of technology. It has paved ways to different innovations and technological advancements like electric cars, smartphones and artificial intelligence. Companies like Tesla, Apple and Google are thriving because of these newly discovered ways of technology. I believe this is where Design Fiction comes in-- without the colorful imagination of our designers, our society would not gain any access to these kind of advancements. 

The usage of imagination was repeatedly mentioned in the essay. Imagination plays a huge part in science fact and fiction. Human beings encounter different problems everyday. Problems come up in the fields of communication, transportation and security. People then come up with different creative solutions to these problems. The problems that people encounter are growing differently due to the continuous lifestyle change. Designers work with their own imagination with the help of concepts involving science fact and fiction. They gather examples from these concepts-- gathering the impossible ideas that science fiction offers and the feasible solutions that science facts hold. 

Design Fiction is the middle ground, where concepts are being tried and tested. “Design fiction creates socialized objects that tell stories — things that participate in the creative process by encouraging the human imagination.” (Bleecker, 7). The essay conveys different ideologies that are involved in science and design. This quote by Julian Bleeker helped me understand what he was trying to convey--- that design fiction is the final product story, created by connected thoughts with the effort to solve an issue or a problem. Design fiction is the exploration of one’s creative process or method. When Bleeker mentioned exploration, I quickly imagined the ways that a designer undergoes whenever they brainstorm for a project. It’s always an adventure to look for new and exciting ways on how to design a product or a machine.

After reading the whole essay, I thought about some examples that are created in the present time that deals with science fiction, fact and design. A major example would be the self-lacing shoes that was publicized and created by Nike. This creation was probably thought about during the 80s-90s. A lot of science fiction ideas were created around this era. It is very visible through the television shows and movies that were released throughout that time. Movies like Back to The Future and Jurassic Park were a big hit-- media that was centered in science fiction themes. These movies tackled the future issues that the society might face. Now, the issues that were made up before didn’t really seem to happen. As society evolves, we human beings realize what we are capable of. We realize that our problems have changed, adapting into what our environment has turned into. 


Reading Five:
Why does good design matter? Why should creators design the best prototype, or the best model for a specific machine or gadget? Why does design matter in the process of building? This reading sparked a lot of questions in my head. It also impacted me in an emotional way, especially when I came across the topic of Aimee Mullins, and the evolution of her prosthetic legs. “It’s really a shame that you care what you look like, Aimee. You’re an amputee, you just need to accept that”-- this quote that tackles the concept of acceptance is a huge factor in design. Accepting the limitations and the challenges of creating a prototype usually paves the way in creating a successful solution. Mullins went through different struggles overcoming her problems in terms of her disability. She was a dreamer, who worked hard to conquer the goals that she has set for herself as an aspiring athlete. As she faced different obstacles whether it was in school or at home-- she seeked more help in terms of designing great prototypes for her prosthetic legs.

This is why good design matters. Good design matters for people in need. But it’s not only targeted for specific people. Good design matters for everyone.

We all seek efficiency and good solutions for our daily problems. Whether it’s from waking up to a wonky alarm system, searching for the nearest bus stop or learning how to ride the newest lime bicycle around downtown--- good design helps our lives become better. As I’m typing this response to this article, if these designers did not design how google documents work in a way it automatically saves the document and my laptop lost its power, I would have lost all the contents I wrote. These good designs that we come across every single day makes our lives faster, well organized and stronger. It really goes down on how human beings use these outlets.
“Many of the greatest design feats go unnoticed: they do their job so well that we are barely aware of them, happy to congratulate ourselves for having solved a problem or made some sort of progress”. This is exactly true, as we go on our lives not thinking that the things we used were designed specifically for the functionality we were looking for. Creators design things for a specific order. It’s meant to be done for convenience, and so that we can do things in a simpler and easier way.

Good design is essential. Good design is fundamental for our living. Some designers are often asked to make things look more attractive and aesthetically pleasing. But good design doesn’t mean it needs to look pretty, some are just made for experiences to be more beneficial and comfortable.

Like the Zurich Airport that was discussed in the article, the signs created for the airport really helps the travellers that are not familiar to the location. The illustrated symbols were easily recognizable for the different amenities provided. This was done by a designer named Ruedi Rueggs. 
In conclusion, this article was definitely relatable and I will always believe that Good Design Matters.
