This was an interesting read through of the interview. It really intrigues your perspective on how technology is not always a bad thing. Of the recent articles we read, this one gives more of a positive outlook into how we view the tool. “Everybody has to be as efficient and valuable a node in this network as they can be.” This quote specifically meant a lot of ways for people to be open to new possibilities that could make them more money for less work.

The interview reminds me a lot of entrepreneurs that design applications or ecommerce businesses that used the power of technology and software to make it convenient for us without the interaction of human. For better or worst, this is the direction our world is going to and now training or even full-time jobs could be done at home. For one, it becomes easy to learn and teach, but that also means more competition and being easily replaceable.

Digital labor is an interesting concept that Schmeig brings up. Just simply updating your profile is considered part of that category. With the future of AI technology, I like to explore that idea of how we could evolve it to act just like human interaction while also aiding us in our daily activities. Maybe a J.A.R.V.I.S. system would be a possible future. However, there may come a time where AI will indefinitely replace people, especially from a business to profit stand point. If a computer could do the work of an employee with the same amount of efficiency but for free, what would a CEO rather invest into?

Last week’s reading discussed the identity we see in ourselves through the internet, but I feel human interaction is the only genuine way of proving what kind of person you are. The security behind the internet makes a lot of people feel powerful and I like to compare it as bullies depicted in movies. Before they were just tall, buff looking jocks, but bullies in cinema now are more verbal in their speech to deliver power instead of having to look the part.
