Sebastian Schmeig is an artist whose work focuses on the fine line we currently have between humans and AI. In I Will Say Whatever I Want In Front Of Pizza, Schmeig confronts the idea that “lean platforms”, in this case Fiverr, have allowed humans to transform into software themselves by “offering your body, senses, or your cognition”.  His first example, and the reason of the title, is a man who was working as an “AI” for a pizza delivery company. The company did not have access to their on AI so they faked it by hiring an actual person and pretending. 
<br><br>
During the interview, Clara Herrmann and Sebastian Schmeig discuss other lean platforms such as Uber and Helping. I have a brother who makes his living from driving for Uber. From my conversations with him, it sounds like the application allows him to have very flexible hours, little to no training, and some customer service skills. The amount of verbal interaction between him and his drivers are almost always conducted by the customer; some people prefer a quiet ride, while others want to get to know their drivers on a more human level.
<br><br>

Schmeig defines “lean platforms” as a way to convert humans into software; like the man who worked as an AI for a pizza delivery company. Advanced technology has become so normalized that smaller companies have resorted to hiring humans to work as undercover AI software. Human to human interaction has been an important part of being human, yet we keep creating tech that takes this type of interaction away; suggesting that perhaps technology is working toward replacing our humanity. In last weeks reading we discussed ways in which people feel that the technology helped us identify who we are via the internet. The internet has helped us communicate with real people around the world and create virtual communities. I think that human to human interaction is an essential part of being a human and if the use of “lean platforms” helps us get closer to these interactions then I think that technology is doing a good thing. 
