<br>Rehumanize The Web<br>
Making the internet more human is the topic expressed in this reading. It comes across as a digital labor piece about outsourcing what we can’t do over the internet. It heavily implies the implications of being that person who is basically a faceless tool to the person requesting help. This sets up the worker as an avatar keen to a machine where little or no contact is necessary for the task to be executed and finished. This reminds me about a modern art piece I too notice of where the artist used a form of home automation to help people as an Alexia or Google home unit would. She used a series of webcams and autotomized functions to control a person’s home settings and made them more comfortable while acting like a bot. the people were aware of the person on the other side and communicative in their interactions between the artist as the software. She would give personal opinions about their life, hairstyle, music choices, and even try to predict what they would need before they can ask. There was even instances where the person would have full on conversations with the artist about concerns and life choices. That is a level of interaction that the processes of Amazon and Google software can’t begin about with either if their devices.  This brings a human touch to what is something that is usually thought of as a cold machine that has little more function than to help with smaller tasks. This kind of interaction is what I believe to be the meaning of this text; its about making the internet more connected and being aware of your impact on a persons life when interacting with a person over the internet. Form the reading Sebastian Schmiege states “To me, thinking about digital workers as software extensions rather than the other way around is helpful as an analytical approach. Being a software extension means that you are extending a computational system by offering your body, your senses, or your cognition.”  This means that when interacting with a person who is pretending to be a bot, we use them as an extension of ourselves and they offer themselves to that extension. 
