Clara Herrmann and Sebastian Schmieg in “Pretend to Be a Bot Rehumanize the Web” discuss how the development of technology affects the value of human labor versus digital labor. During this article we are shown examples of how human labor is losing value compared to digitized labor. One example shown is the Trump administration outsourcing a job to a teenager overseas. This just shows that with modern technology people expect more efficient but impeccable work. However, this is not always the case because the work is digitized. 
Take for example, digital artists. They can range from custom art prints to customized logos or designs that one can commission to pay for their labor and creative touch. Because of modern and developing technology, digital artists can work from home and produce quality work at a faster pace compared to going into an office everyday Monday through Friday. Unfortunately, digitized work is seen as a very quick turnaround time because the client thinks it is easier because it is digital. Just because it is easier to do digitally does not mean it is necessarily quicker. The same amount of human labor is going into the work but more expedient compared to doing it by hand. 
What is not helping is the rapid pop ups of online businesses that compete for business via pricing, expedience and quantity. This has made it more apparent that people or potential consumers equate digitized work with immediate results and output. However, this makes the actual human labor depreciate in value because the customer perceives this digitized labor as non-strenuous when in can be more than double or triple the work when trying to replicate or create a new one. 
Herrmann and Schmieg show that with the advancement of technology in concurrence with more immediate results the depreciation of human labor is becoming more and more apparent. I, as a creator and digital artist, understand this plight. However, with more digital jobs becoming more apparent within the work force the value of human labor may not completely drop down to zero. Instead it will be translated or understood to keep up with the advancing technology it uses. 
