This week's article compared to last week's, it discussed the modern technology in different aspects. Last week, it discussed and showed people their own problems by exploring and developing the technology. In the article “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web”, for me, is more about exploring the technology itself.  Our lives are constantly in contact with numbers and data. In fact, every moment is related to the data. We drive to school or take the bus; we use mobile phones; we are on social media, we connect to the Internet for learning in class, and we buy the tickets in the company system when we go out to play, and so on. The article said that in the continuous improvement of its efficiency and profitability in its own star rating system, there is no need to distinguish between software and people. People continue to get their own needs and bring benefits to themselves. So, in the end, they don't care if they can satisfy them or real people. One typical example is the artificial intelligence nowadays. In some social media that we use often, they provide the AI service to solve the problems you have and chat with you. Well, lots of these are the robot instead of a real person, but they still act like a human. Artificial intelligence technology carries out his work through the information and instructions we give them. 
I don't know people who work in a shared economy, but I know that in recent years, the sharing economy has become more and more common, even in my country. In the streets and alleys, you can see shared charging treasures, sharing bicycles or cars. Although these have little to do with the Internet, I think it also involves data and technology.
