Updating one’s social media account, I believe, is digital work but not in the manner of a bot. We work to maintain our identity outside the virtual world through our appearance, personality, and our network of friends, family, and coworkers. We would be considered a bot if our work was titled to be done by a bot. For example, if Donald Trump wanted a PowerPoint presentation converted into a Prezi through an AI, the AI being a human acting as an AI, then the human working to create the Prezi is a bot. If the AI was a true AI then it would be called a bot. What of the human acting as an AI? Sebastian Schmieg defines them as software extensions which I think is a fitting name. A human that is doing the job of a bot, partly, but itself is not a bot. Solving captchas for Google’s reCAPTCHA program also puts us in the space of working as a bot. We are basically working for Google at this point, Schmieg points out. As AI gets better and the need for human assistance becomes obsolete what would there be left for humans to do? My initial thoughts go toward creative works such as art but I’m reminded that AI can play that role as well. Schmieg believes that bots cannot become artists. I think we are not fully aware of what bots can do in the future. Even if a bot only follows a set of rules or certain trained behaviors, aren’t those the same things that humans do. Humans follow rules and act in accordance to their schema. Perhaps bots can be artists. When bots take over our jobs perhaps humans can explore the remaining secrets of the Earth or simply just live their lives. 

The underlying ideas in the reading are that the capabilities of bots are not entirely void of human intervention. In fact, the results that a bot comes to conclusion with are with a tremendous help from humans and the help that humans offer is, most often, free. I don’t know anyone whose worked in the “sharing economy” at least not for pay. I say not for pay because I and almost everyone who uses the internet has at some point come across Google’s captchas. In relation to last weeks reading about identity in a digital space, both articles speak about the human or the computer as an extension of one another. Last weeks article uses the computer as a means of extending human capabilities while this weeks article speaks about the human as an extension of a computer to help perform tasks that a bot would be assumed to do. Last weeks article also speaks about individuality, how one sets themselves apart from the rest, through predetermined categories. Bots aim to serve and better the human mind and body by lessening the burden of carrying out computational tasks or memory intensive data. This weeks article speaks about humanity as a collective workforce serving as a unanimous teacher for bots. 
