In the interview Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web that was hosted by Clara Herrmann, Sebastian Schmieg discusses about digital labor and how rapidly technology is developing. This particular interview was very interesting to me because it discusses about how digital labor is changing the work industry in having the usual jobs or assignments that requires human labor force replaced by AI. This is due to because of how efficient and better performance the digital labor often take into action. Although AI performs the job more efficient and quicker while benefiting the job industry, this can be a problem because it will reduce the amount of jobs for humans and might risk for some to lose their current jobs as they are being replaced with them. However, we cannot rely too much on the digital work either because there could always be a malfunction. 

With the constant demand of higher and faster  technology, the outcome of having AI take over society does not sound too far away. In fact, it may be beneficial for some people, especially if they have a disability or incapable of performing a daily task. However, this could increase a risk if we become too dependent on digital labor because what if suddenly they stop functioning or get more intelligent each time we add more data to it? It might sound outrageous but it could become the end of humanity being in control of society as we become more dependent on the advance technology.

However, there is still some AI that involve some sort of human interaction in order for it to function. For example, Apple’s Siri and Amazon’s Alexa will not activate unless it recognizes a human’s voice. In other words, the person would have to speak to it in order for the device to perform the task they commanded. Another example is the customer service chat box that pops out at the bottom corner of a website. If a customer has a question or complain, they simply type into the box and a bot would immediately respond to them. Instead of having a human worker being the one responding to the chatbox, they have a bot with an automated response to quickly access and help the customer. But this still shows how it requires human interaction in order for it to function because the person has to send a message in order for it to proceed. Otherwise it will do nothing. 

In a way, it would be great to see some AI in work but mostly for those who have a disability or incapacity to perform certain tasks. But for those who are capable of doing their own work, there is no need for an AI unless it is absolutely necessary. 

