It is interesting how invested we are in the concept of AI and devolving it, but we still choose to use human labor and just disguise it as AI work. How would someone be able to figure out whether or not they were interacting with an AI or a real person? The concept of “lean platforms” kind of dehumanizes the people who do the labor because they seem more like a tool than a person who’s a part of customer service. However, I also understand that even with the barrier of the internet there is still communication involved, especially when it is a platform like Uber where the worker and customer will be in the same space. I think it is fitting how Schmieg defines people who pretend to be AI as software extensions. They are categorizing themselves as bots without actually being one, so they are, essentially, extensions of something that is usually digital. 

Schmieg mentions towards the end of the article, “Do we want AI at all? Probably. So, I guess I would like to see AI based on collaboration, on curiosity instead of surveillance, on fiction, on small data, on weird data, on ambiguity, etc. I think these are some of the approaches that artists could contribute”. I also want to see how AI can be utilized creatively in the future and not just being used for the sake of efficiency or as a replacement for human labor. I wonder what the end result would be. One example that I have seen would be the AI that produces images of flowers and ocean waves by looking at everyday objects. 

I don’t know anyone personally who has worked in the sharing economy, but I have heard stories from others about how they used Fiverr or Amazon’s Mechanical Turk. I frequently see videos on YouTube where they will hire different editors/musicians/etc. to edit some work and will later compare all the work that was produced. It is interesting when the YouTuber figures out they have been scammed and seem shocked that something like this could happen. I am interested in learning more about the experience these "lean platforms" workers have. Can they really make a livable income based off of what they're doing? Do they like that they don't have to always communicate in-person?

Last week we discussed how the Internet and technology has helped us identify ourselves. It is pretty different from this week's reading because Schmieg treats humans as a sort of collective labor force rather than multiple individuals. There is also the involvement of a constant battle to beat out other competition. Last week's reading is more centered around discovering yourself through exploration and assembling your personality. However, they are both similar in that we have a very heavy reliance on technology to improve our lives and it will continue to be that way. 
