<p>Reading Repsonse Eight</p>
<p>Digital labor is an interesting concept developed by Schmeig. Only updating your profile is considered to be part of this group. For AI technology's future, I like to explore the concept of how we can refine it to function like human interaction while also supporting us in our daily activities. There may be a moment, though, when AI becomes more than just a program.</p>
<br>
<p>Even if a bot follows only a set of rules or some specialized habits, these are not the same things that people do. People are following laws and acting in accordance with their scheme. Last week's article uses the computer as a way to expand human capacity while this week's article talks about the human working as a computer extension to help perform tasks that a bot would be expected to perform. Last week's article also talks about individuality, how, by predetermined definitions, you set yourself apart from the rest. Bots are aimed at supporting and enhancing the human mind and body by reducing the burden of performing computational tasks or data intensive in memory. This week's article discusses humanity as a collective workforce that acts as a consensus bots instructor.Perhaps artists can be bots and vise versa. Once bots take over our work, people may be able to discover the Earth's remaining mysteries or simply live their lives.
The underlying ideas in learning are that bots ' capacities are not completely void of human intervention. In reality, the results with which a bot comes to an end are with tremendous help from humans, and the help offered by humans is usually free. I don't know anybody, at least not for profit, who served in the "sharing economy."</p>
