  In the interview, “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web.” Clara Hermann a former coordinator digital solitude program and editor of scholosspost, interviewed Sebastian Schmieg an artist and lecturer based in Berlin. They talked about digital labor and how an independent worker works in that type of media. This topic is really interesting to me because as a Digital Media artist, I can do a freelance work too. I have seen others working as a freelance doing digital work like illustrations, logos etc. But there is always a lot of competition and they do talk about it. There are only a few numbers of people that do well in that type of platform. They even talked about fiverr.com a site on which people can set up gigs for a global audience. This website creates services in which one turn into an entrepreneur because one doesn’t need to show portfolios, or a job application instead, users create services for which they can be hired at a fixed price. This type of platform was compared with Uber as this provides the framework, but doesn’t employ any of the workers. They also talked about the benefits of this type of work and the problems with it too. Like one has more freedom in this type of work; however, one has to train him or herself as well be responsible for their own tools. 
  Another important topic they talked about was about how in a future AI (artificial intelligence) will replace some human workers and even how interesting would be if an AI would be an artist. I find this topic interesting too because I had thought about it in how many people will lose their jobs and be replace by a machine that can do more difficult tasks. In the interview S.S said that is it necessary to work, but sadly if one doesn’t work where would one get their income. There a lot of people that work for money instead of pleasure to be able to do something they like. I think if AI would move ahead there will be more problems with unemployment and only the big companies will benefit with it because it will save them money on the long run. In the aspect of art. I agree with S.S because the Ai will be asked to do art instead of being interested in doing art itself. 
  I think this topic was too different compared to the last reading because reading seven was more about how technology made us change in a new way to socialize, but in another hand it does talked about how it has change the way we work. They do have a topic that they both can relate and is that how technology made a new way to work in a platform that is more freelance. 
