In “Pretend To Be A Bot Rehumanize The Web,” Clara Herrmann and Sebastian Schmieg have an open dialogue about the rapid development of technology and the subsequent effects that technology has had on the value of actual human labor versus digitized labor. The article starts off with a clear example of this - the Trump administration outsourcing a job to a random teen overseas. The entire situation is rather laughable and reads like something out of a fever dream rather than real life, but the fact is that this is the reality we are living in now.

The entire Trump situation shows us that the appreciation of real human labor is depreciating as technology continues to make strides. The immediacy of modern technology has made humans impatient and in need of immediate gratification. This is why we now have tons of assembly line type of businesses popping up online, claiming to produce fast work at cheap prices. Things such as professional slideshows, business logos, and the like are increasingly being viewed as and treated as low value, easily mass producible products.

Another important thing to note about the rise of these types of businesses is that workers are treated as independent contractors rather than employees. The very nature of the “sharing economy” is that many individuals come together to share certain assets and/or services. While I, and those that I know, have not worked within the sharing economy, I have utilized services born from the sharing economy. An example of this are the occasions in which I have used Uber and Yelp, two popular ridesharing services.

There are also mentions of AI and their place in our world. AIs are currently being used for purposes that are meant to bring in monetary value, which often falls in line with nefarious purposes. Instead of this, however, Herrmann and Schmieg suggest ways in which creatives can utilize AIs to empower and advance the arts. It could be an “endeavor” that “could us help to think, reflect, and communicate differently.”

This article greatly differs from last week’s article about one’s identity and connection to the Internet. Herrmann and Schmieg approach technology with a cryptic outlook, while Krystal South seems to embrace what technology has to offer. In my opinion, there is merit to both points of view.

In this article, Herrmann and Schmieg bring up a very real issue that is currently plaguing plenty of industries, namely those that provide digital services. This is a real concern that I can sympathize with as a creative. The rise of online services has cheapened the work of creatives and continues to threaten artistic integrity and importance. On the other hand, as I previously wrote in my write up for last week’s reading, South makes many good points concerning the Internet and our relationship with it. It is a way in which we have discovered another part of ourselves. Our online identity is a facet of ourselves that was locked away until we found a medium that allowed us to unleash that part of ourselves.
