
The interview with Sebastian Schmieg is provocative and informative. I have been favorized with Schmieg’s work before, but I did not know it was based on Trump’s usage of Fiver outsourcing his work to a Singaporean teenager. This gives more context than the original idea I knew about it as a person pretending to be a robot. This makes me think of programs or games like Quick Draw which is essentially training Google’s AI to be able to recognize images and understand what they are supposed to be. I like the idea that Schmieg says that social media like Instagram or twitter is digital labor. I have always felt it was digital labor those companies pay you sometimes with advertisement money if you are successful but with dopamine that is received from gaining social following. You are not only generating content for the company to thrive on but as well as personal data that you are paying with for this free application. 
	The usage of services like Fiver, amazon mechanical turk, or uber are in theory fine to do but it reinforces issues that are brought up in the interview. The issue of making digital labor possible and allowing companies to not support their employees. There are so many privacy concerns and leaks that have been discussed in the last few years. It is almost shocking how you can strip all the videos that have been made on fiver and display them easily. There are no rules or acknowledgments to the content creators to protect their data or take actions against these things from happening. 
I personally do not use any of these services to earn money or to give work. It makes me think of how much money people are actually making and how sustainable these infrastructures. As the interview mentioned Schmieg tells that there are a lot of losers and only some winner with this system. I also do not want to part of reinforcing these structures, they make it harder for people to get by and obtain good high paying and benefit rich jobs. It makes it scary as well for artist, will there be maybe jobs for the rest of us out there? I also want to comment that artist are using platforms like Instagram to help build their small businesses. There are multitudes of artist who have an Esty or their own website to make extra money on the side. I like this model because the artist has the power to take their earning more in their hands. It’s not perfect but it is a good step in the right direction. Everything is being monetized. Soon our health or human being will be an aspect to be monetize. I am afraid that someday AI will be able to do a better job at these things than us humans. I feel like there will be services someday that will be us controlling AI to run these companies we all make. Selling services are easier than to sell objects as there is already a quick reverse-engineering process to take your invention and make a cheaper version with Chinese labor. Will there be a cheap and easy way to replace humans with these services as well? Will human interaction be valued higher or lower than our AI counter parts?
