
In the reading, “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web”, by Sebastian Schmieg, Schmieg tackles his insights on digital labor and explains his different artistic works-- from Prezis to websites to algorithmic videos. One of the topics that stood out to me was the topic of freelance services, and the idea of being an entrepreneur. I am currently an intern for a marketing company. I was asking one of the members of our Creative Services department about our company logo. He then proceeded to show me Fiverr, which I never heard during that time. I was surprised on how inexpensive the services where provided, when there’s such a huge time allocation on creating these graphics. As a freelance graphic designer, I personally would charge more than $5, especially if its a logo intended for a growing company. I do understand that as an artist, experience and a great portfolio are needed to grow in the industry. Exposure can extremely help an artist grow in the industry. Schmieg states that, “The entrepreneur is a model that is becoming increasingly mandatory for everybody. Be the best you can, have a great idea, get funded, work hard, make it to the top, sell, and repeat. And on the way to the top, beat and disrupt all of your competitors”. I totally agree with this statement. Having a great portfolio is not enough to be on top of the competition. Someone who wants to thrive in the business needs a great vision and execution, with help in terms of funding and exposure. Personally, I want to learn and know more software that could potentially help me get more experience in the field. Going back to my story with my company’s logo, I can’t believe that my company only paid $5 to purchase that. Some people are not just after the experience, but with the compensation as well.

Another topic from this article that made me think was this statement-- “Why are we so obsessed with work? What if we didn’t have to work anymore? What if we want to work but we cannot because we’re not needed? What would we want to do instead?”. In an era where technological advancements happen all the time, there’s always this thought that bothers me. What if artificial intelligence take over humans? As our population increases, there will be more need in employment. People would need to work for their own financial means. But what if computers or machines take over the simplest jobs that one person can get? This made me realize the effects of AI in our world. As we crave for convenience and fast results, our dependency with machines become higher. I just wish that my future children (if ever) experience the simple life that existed before. I hope we preserve the environment that needed human force, ideas and creativity in building a better world. 

Sebastian Schmieg’s work are very intricate, with AI being involved. Schmieg states that, “Do we want AI at all? Probably. So, I guess I’d like to see AI based on collaboration, on curiosity instead of surveillance, on fiction, on small data, on weird data, on ambiguity, etc. I think these are some of the approaches that artists could contribute”. This made me realize that we can really use AI in different fields, and not just on machines. AI can be used in showing our creativity, in a lot of ways. I know that AI has been used repeatedly by different artists in showing their style and passion. But I personally have never applied this idea in my own work. I haven’t seen anyone around my circle do this as well. I believe that through collaborations, aspiring artists can create outstanding work with the help of AI. Ofcourse, with creating means that we have to understand its concepts and boundaries. This whole article gave me a lot of realizations. I learned a lot of ideas and concepts, from AI to entrepreneurship to digital labor.
