After reading through the interview, the underlying ideas I noticed was how we are apart of a growing digital labor community and we’re following a mandatory-like entrepreneur model. This interview gave me an interesting perspective on digital labor, since I felt with the last article it talked about how we are becoming more reliable and leaving an identity with technology, this interview now talks about how we are laboring ourselves for it. In this “sharing economy”, I can think about my oldest brother working in it. As a teacher, he programs different types of AI with his students to make different types of functions and commands occur, in this instance, going back to the interview we can see that we become software extensions when it comes to training centralized neural networks from artificial intelligence. In relation to the article from last week, it talked about technology becoming a bigger and bigger source, were we were more accustomed, more reliable, and throwing ourselves into it to make an identity for ourselves, the interview this week had some similar points about us being extensions to technology and the Internet. In this case however, instead of talking about how we make our own identity and or even personas of ourselves, this time we’re being thought out as like a “bot”, where we work online making little to no money. Working with digital technology puts people in the perspective of being a bot, where it some cases people pretend to be bots while bots are pretending to be people. What struck me as something really interesting as well was when Schmeig said that even updating your social media profile was considered to be apart of digital labor, it makes me think if there’s anything that we can do with technology at all that won’t categorize it as labor. This idea of reliance and algorithms on machines gives me some good ideas to speculate on for my final as well, as I’ll be talking about technology and it’s impact with society in forming groups that demand rights for one another. I liked Schmeig’s idea of how AI could be beneficial with collaborating, surveilling, and providing small and or weird data, which would help create a communal and playful endeavor that benefits humans with their thinking, reflecting, and communicating practices. This idea would help us come a long way, since nowadays artificial intelligence is very repetitive and tedious to use, with most of the times it just being exploited for personal or competitive use. Something that hit me as intriguing was Shemeig’s quote of “The invention of a new technology is also the invention of a new type of accident”. Since my final essay is talking about the new inventions and ideas people are using with technology for their own political protests and agendas (such as Black Lives Matter), it makes me think if there have been any accidental impacts – positive or negative – that have affected this protest group or others like it. The macro level of ASI compared to current AI is small, as it’s something that plugs us into to generate and modulate data, we’re like a bot software extension after all. 
