The underlying idea of the interview and videos are based on the principles of human labor for preparing training data for machine learning. This of course helps companies to gather as much data possible from humans that machines cannot do. One example, as mentioned in the reading, is mechanical turks. The job of a mechanical turk is to select certain Hits ( Human Intelligence tasks) and find things like objects in an image that machines can't do. Schmieg mentioned how being a software extension also means that being easily removed is a possibility. The con to this is that “online platforms make it easy for everybody to hire and fire people as needed”. I found this extremely accurate because having that option available, it’s undoubtedly replaceable. He also mentioned that updating your profile on social media should be included as digital labor as well. Because we as users provide a lot of data that in hand companies will benefit, it is fair that we get a ‘share’ of that profit. However, as Schmeig pointed out, we also benefit to some degree because we are networking. 
		
The phrase  ‘sharing economy’ was not something I was quite familiarized until I did this reading. According to wikipedia, “In the sharing economy, individuals are said to rent or "share" things like their cars, homes and personal time to other individuals in a peer-to-peer fashion”. After looking it up, I realized that indeed I do know people and myself included that have been apart of it. For instance, I have two friends that work for Uber. Also, my brothers and myself are avid users of Ebay and Amazon. These  fall under this category because as in Uber, it takes the driver to lend his car, and the buyer seller on Ebay to resell and trade without face to face interaction. The idea of sharing economy definitely has its cons and pros. The pros are: Extra income for providers, stronger communities, new and better opportunities and lastly chapter services and goods. The cons are: obviously privacy concerns, no or limited guarantees, and market manipulation. 

In thinking about the relation to last week's article, these two sets of ideas are different in that Kristal South mentioned the ways that technology is enveloped in human identity and that we should recognize the good in it. Schmeig goes into it deeper describing more so the way data is gathered through neural network. Additionally, the whole aspect of AI has greatly changed the way of how we communicate. This came to be with the aid of neural networking. Of course, the principle of rehumanizing the web is something that people try to regain. With the way technology is heading, it's quite a difficult task. 



	

