In the reading, “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web” by Clara Hermann interviews and discusses about Sebastion Schmieg’s work centering about how technology is being used as an extension of our bodies. Furthermore, digital workers are software extensions to act and to work as fast as bots. As a result, it makes it hard to distinguish if its a person or a bot. This also reminds me of having to talk to an AIS before I get to actually talk to a human being. I feel it will be easier just to talk to someone instead of having to navigate through the system.

 In our previous reading, “Digital Design Matters” talks about how prosthetics being used to add and enhance our bodies. In connection to that, technology is being used as some sort of prosthetic as well. Digital workers as software extensions being an extension of our body to put our emotions, thoughts, cognition in technology. The reading, “Identify Yourself”, mentions technology as being an extension of our online personalities and being constantly connected online. The feeling we get of not having our phone close to us makes us feel that we are missing out. Technology is ubiquitous and we’ve built it into our lives. 

I know someone who worked in a shared economy, and he worked for Wag where people get paid to walk dogs. Speaking of shared economy, I’ve actually never heard about fiverr.com until as of recently in this class. Fiverr.com shows that anyone can be an entrepreneur despite their background. This changes the market for people who are in those fields too. In “Identify Yourself”, these ideas are different based on how it affects her and how she has learned to integrate it. In this reading, Sebastian is interested in how humans are driven into turning into machines. Sebastion looks at technology in a way of its complications than appreciating the technological advances.
