This trend of “pretending to be a bot” is increasingly common within technological spaces. Companies such as Amazon utilize this as part of their so-called “machine learning” programs - though visual recognition of photos is often believed to be trained by AI recognizing colors and patterns within images tagged with a certain subject, in reality, much of this training is accelerated by human beings identifying things within photos using a program. This allows products such as Amazon Ring to recognize things such as mailmen, passing cars, visitors, and other common things to walk past a suburban home door. 

Websites such as Fiverr, though not advertised as automated services, are adjacent to this type of behavior and sale of service. They often distance the customer or prospective buyers from the human interaction of the service or product, instead listing off a huge variety of things that can be bought for a low price and completed quickly. Fiverr encompasses a plethora of things that can be bought for $5 or more, ranging from sticker printing to dancing for you. 

Many of these Fiverr posts are advertised in a similar manner to “I Will Say Whatever You Want In Front of a Pizza” - many of these are people who will hold a sign saying something for you - simply input your message, pay the five dollars, and it’s done. However, the lack of discretion people can have with these can result in ethical issues. For example, internet streamer “PewDiePie” paid to have some people hold a sign with antisemitic statements on it. Whether it was out of ignorance or carelessness, they complied, and this resulted in him getting into trouble. (However, as the phenomena of internet fame dictates, many of his fans refuse to acknowledge he did anything wrong, despite a rather constant record of racism and other intolerance.)

Though I’ve never engaged in such services for real money, when I was younger, I would frequently watch ads on sites such as GaiaOnline to earn digital premium currency. This is a tactic that many sites today still use - for example, game streaming site Twitch allows users to fill out surveys or watch videos to earn “bits”, digital money that they can donate to their favorite streamers. 

This also brings into question who truly owns the data that companies pay such big money for. Is it public domain? Is it owned by us, the people who create it? 

