I find that for this week’s reading of Rehumanizing the web and people pretending to be a bot is a radical topic that questions our very thoughts and actions towards our everyday usage of technology. There were several works mentioned by the interviewee,  Sebastian Schmieg such as 
I Will Say Whatever You Want In Front of a Pizza and Segmentation.Network, as well as other pieces that relate to using AI systems and questioning its relationship with us. I think the underlying ideas of the works deals with looking at AI and automation and how the internet still needs humans to work it. 

Another topic mentioned would be human digital labor towards the net and companies that control and monopolies our activities. Even tracking our actions in order to profit is an issue as Sebastian's states: “solving captchas for Google’s reCAPTCHA program makes it very clear how we are in fact working for them all the time, digitizing books, deciphering house numbers, and training their neural networks.” Hence, we are working the machines to do better because computers need us. Yet, should we really allow our interactions with the internet and technology be one-handed to corporations that profit from it? 

I also see how AI is supposed to be smart, but has many flaws through the pieces and raises the question of how software extensions is our valuable works towards it, yet we can be replaced easily by better software or efficient workers.  I am truly interested in the sharing economy as it seems efficient in using up unused resources. For instance, I believe Air bnb is one where one’s house is up for renting by travelers. Uber, a company mentioned in the article, is one too and know two people who worked for the company. It is just the labor of those drivers and the amount of time and work needed to make ends meet that drives humans to exhaustion. If the drivers are instead robots, they work for many hours and not feel exploited.

In comparing last week’s reading, the argument is that the internet can and makes us more human, yet this idea says the net is outsourcing us and that the objective should be different. The human isn't the center of the art. Is probably the biggest distinction between the two readings. We should have a deeper understanding with our relationship to the net, but also work together to not allow automation or computer systems to help us think, reflect and communicate, collaborate and expand the possibilities it does the majority and consumers good. Instead of using it as Sebatians mentions, surveillance, on fiction, on small data, on weird data, on ambiguity. Hence the point of the article will then be that art to make the web more human and that more artworks and discussions of our miraged thoughts of progressing technology should not be swayed by what is really happening. 

The macro level of Artificial Super intelligence compared to real world applications and implementations of current AI would be the current labor working towards it. ASI may or not be the near future, but should not the near shared goal but rather our humanity with technology. The real world does have A.I and there may be a time when computers get smarter than humans and have similar mental capacities, where current AI usesour patterns and data, it just may happen. But I agree with the artist that we need to keep our humanity during the process of building human machines but rather machines that could be more human based on our actions.
