I’m in love with the artwork “I will say whatever you want in front of a pizza”, and the idea of digital labor which is new to me. We are so involved in this technological world but we are naive in a way that we don’t often realize there’s digital labor - and yes, it’s what’s happening now --- our labor is transitioned into its digital realm. Our roles are closer to the bots.

I would never think about the fact there’s a person working behind those “automatic text reply”, and I had experience chatting with a person when I was younger (which I apparently didn’t realize it’s a person). The thought that chatting with a bot interested me, therefore I said words that didn’t make sense and I was just attempt to say how it’s going to react. Now I’m feeling bad saying those words, because there might be a person who’s typing the responses towards my nonsense questions. How did the person feel? Did he / she trying to digitize himself / herself? I probably would never know. This whole thing makes me think: why are we more fascinated in bots than humans service? What is so good about bots that we humans even have to pretend we are something not human-like? Is it because bots are generally perceived more “advanced” in our contemporary world, or is it just because humans are perceived as more “cheap” relatively?

What I found paradoxical is that we love robots because it has human-like features. But why don’t we just choose humans instead of robots? I think this really puzzles me. This article has a similar idea like the last article, both bring out the obscure question behind the facts, but there’s no solution to it. Maybe we prefer there’s no solution, because that’s what we want. Just like how the article said, the bots are extensions of ourselves. 
