Within the first few seconds of watching the video that came up, I immediately thought about Google’s image search option. That was exactly what it was about. It also reminded me of the text prediction feature found in cellphones. People often treat it as a fun little game—typing one word and then letting our phones predict every word that comes after it. For people who’ve turned on text prediction on their phones, it is almost like they are creating AIs based on themselves. Our phones begin forming texts that sound almost like us, but then gradually become nonsensical. At what point will our phones be able to perfectly emulate our speech? 

In the interview, Sebastian Schmieg talked about Ray Kurzweil and how he wanted to build an AI based on his deceased father. He wanted to bring him back to life, in a way, through all of the notes and letters his father left behind; they were a basis for a reanimation. Schmieg took on a similar project—he created a Ray Kurzweil AI based on his writings. This did not seem like a completely new idea to me. I have seen examples in popular media. One example is in the animated series Voltron: Legendary Defender. There was a scene where Princess Allura felt lost and in need of guidance; she was able to speak to her deceased father. He was only a hologram, but he was capable of having a deep conversation and offering his own wisdom. Even then, Princess Allura was upset because this was not entirely her father. He lacked a physical body and only his mind was preserved—even then, the extent of his mind was limited. 

Princess Allura’s father was an example of an AI seen in a more positive light. It makes sense given that the show is about technologically advanced machine in a technologically advanced world fighting against the forces of evil. There is this ongoing belief that artificial intelligence is dangerous, or at least has the potential to be. There are many people who have a fear of robots and artificial intelligence, and it may be due to the idea that humanity can be subdued if a machine is given enough power. And knowledge is power. Movies like I, Robot with Will Smith feed into this fear. 

Despite the fear of many, we have proceeded to move into the direction of AI in our daily lives. One example being self-driving cars, like Tesla is producing. Schmieg mentioned his work with neural networks, which are vital to any form of artificial intelligence, in his Kurzweil piece. Tesla’s neural network is ambitious. Rather than only giving cars the ability to move from point A to point B in the freeway, they also want the cars to safely drive from one point to another in regular street traffic. I wonder if self-driving cars will become the norm soon. A part of me doubts it, but then again, I doubted that air pods would ever catch on. Very different from each other but the idea stands. 
