
Sharing economy means “an economic system in which  assets or services are shared between private individuals, either free or for a fee, typically by means of the Internet.” I do not know anyone that has worked in a sharing economy. One company I can think of that is part of the sharing company is Airbnb. Airbnb is a website where landowners can post about renting out a room, apartment, house, etc for anyone at a price the landowner desires. On Airbnb, the landowner will have to create a digital profile of themselves. This is a similar idea to digital profile from the previous reading. The landowners have to create a profile to show that they are trustworthy and that they can fulfill what the renter’s want or need. This profile could be exaggerated and the landowner could be a whole different person in reality. 

Machine Learning is a unique process where machines learn as they gain more data. The more information we give to the machine, the machine will become more and more proficient in their programs. For example, we are helping build Google by giving them our data. With the data Google receives, their machines are able to learn and differentiate. Like their reverse image search function, the system has improved by being able to differentiate and match images. Another feature is the translation. When it first came out, the translation was horrible and did not match up when you translate the other way. The system now has slowly improved by having the translation be almost correct but is still being worked on. The previous reading is about how the internet is an extension of our body system. The internet is something we will always go on to when we have nothing to do, when we have to text or call someone, or when we have to look up something. 

When Schmeig mentions in the interview, “No, I don’t think machines and bots can be artists. However, machines and bots can produce art that even surprises the artists who create or utilize them,” it made me remember Clip Studio Paint, a drawing program for mangas and illustrations. In this drawing program, there is a bot that can color the image you have drawn. You just add the color scheme you want at the areas and in a few seconds, the image is already colored. I used this feature once and I was shocked and amazed with the coloring. I even thought, “Wow, this program can color my artwork better than I do.” 

It’s interesting how it all works in a system for humans and for the machines where we need to work for each other in order to work and continue growing. The machines need our data in order to work and to improve with making the same mistakes again. Humans use the machines. When they learn something is wrong with the machines, they can tell the problem to the creators. This way the creators can fix or add coding onto the system and to improve it. This becomes a cycle for both humans and machines. It’s similar to what Schmeig said, “Be the best you can, have a great idea, get funded, work hard, make it to the top, sell, and repeat.” 
