Nothingness is a term that most people can relate to but could mean so many things. Jenny Odell in her article, how to do nothing, really challenges your mind in that perspective and potentially redefined what nothing means. At first glance, most people, including myself, would view it as a time waster, but in her defense, it is like a form of meditation, pausing, and reflection. The garden is a beautiful example of that perspective where her audience are forced in a situation to observe the surroundings and appreciate the things we tend to ignore in our daily lives.

I like to relate to this concept to “escaping” our world because when we want to do nothing, I view it now as doing something to get your mind off responsibilities. The “survival or necessary tactic” for me would be to go out and cruise around on my electric skateboard. Times like these are when I zone out and just enjoy the breeze as I ride the road. 

An interesting moment for us exclusively was when PG&E forced most people in the Bay Area to get their power shut down and we were essentially in a “purge” with no power for almost 48 hours. It was an interesting discussion with Craig where he felt disconnected and connected at the same time. He had no power to do his work or connect to social media, but he felt more connected to Santa Cruz than he ever did because he had only gone outside for fun and watch other people experience the power outage with him. 

Overall, a wonderful article to read and really opens your mind to taking a break to do nothing. Instead of looking into it as a negative perspective, but as a positive enforcement into your daily life. In doing so, it could promote productivity better just by going out and looking up instead of going straight to our smartphones when we want to avoid our work.
