<i>how to do nothing</i><br>
Jenni Odell  <br><br>
Jenni Odell is a digital artist who in her article <i>how to do nothing</i> analyzes the benefits that “doing nothing” can impose on a person. In this article Odell begins by introducing us to her personal oasis where she goes to do “nothing”, the Oakland rose garden. Upon her introduction of the garden, we learn of various types of artwork which purpose is to force the audience to “do nothing” like: cloud watching, and meditation performances. However, “doing nothing” is not exactly “nothing”; contraire, the nothingness of these artworks allow the mind to focus on things that we often take for granted in our busy lives. Finally, Odell connects the ways that recent communication technology has further driven us away from listening to and understanding one another. <br><br>
Odell mentions that in 1886 the government pushed that adults should strive to work 8 hours a day, rest for 8 hours a day, and another 8 hours for leisure activities. While I think this may sound fair, there are some significant downfalls to following this plan. For one, this plan leaves no time for all the things we must do to survive,  things that should not be categorized into “leisure” like: cooking, eating,  personal hygiene, house cleaning, and grocery shopping. Eating and cooking includes breakfast, lunch and dinner. If we cook all those ourselves, then eat, then clean up the mess, it would take around 2.5 hours a day, leaving only 5.5 hours for actual leisure. Then, we have to leave about a 1.5 hours for personal hygiene, this includes: shower, teeth brushing, and I am also including exercising in this category. So now we are down to 4 hours for real leisure. There  are a few things that are leisure but are not necessarily optional; family time! If you have children, they require a lot of time for themselves. You have to bathe them, read to them, play with them, put them to bed, and so on. Let's say you dedicate 2 hours a day for your kids, now you have 2 hours left of leisure where you can sneak off to your rose garden to do “nothing”. 8 hours of work, 8 hours of rest and only 2 hours of leisure...well that is skewed.
 <br><br>
Even if we do have those 2 hours to do “nothing” Odell addresses that the capitalist system in the US has got its citizens so accustomed to always being productive, that very little percentage of people will actually use these hours to “do nothing”. Instead they will probably use this time to continue to overwork themselves, which leads to stress. 
 <br><br>
Odell takes a moment to tell the story of John Muir, an observer, inventor, botanist, naturalist, and coincidentally the founder of many natural parks including our very own Muir woods in San Francisco. Muir learned to love the simpler things in life while he was forced to live in a dark room when he was temporarily blind and not sure if he would ever see again. Upon losing such an important sense, Muir realized that “life was too brief and uncertain, and time too precious to waste upon belts and saws”. Like Ordell, we should all rip a page out of Muir's life lessons. 
 <br><br>
Today we have technology that claims to bring humans together, however Odell says that while these “technological utopias and dreams of machine-mediated immortality may fire our minds but they cannot feed our bodies”, and I agree. Technology like facebook, and even text messaging are allowing us to communicate to others, but that does not necessarily mean they are communicating back. I admit that at times I am one of those. I constantly receive text, I read them, think about them, then totally forget to reply… so much for communication. I often do the same thing with Facebook. I get an invite, I read it, think about it, then forget it completely. So yes, these technologies are accommodating us to hear without listening. 
