Reading 10 How to do noting <br<
 <br>James Turrell’s sky room (officially Sky Pesher), is where I am most interesting about this read, because doing nothing day dreaming is the main goal of watching the sky. That is where I believe this article shows the meaning of doing nothing. Standing there looking at the sky not taking pictures not talking a just enjoying the act of being brings about a stillness that is keen to meditation. Scott Polach’s piece Applause Encouraged, which happened at Cabrillo National Monument in San Diego in 2015 is another statement about doing nothing. Guests show up forty-five minutes before the sunset, a greeter checked the guests in to this cordoned-off area. moved to their seats and reminded not to take photos. When the sunset finished, they applauded, and refreshments were offered afterward. It allowed its visitors to open up and give time to doing nothing and listening to what is going on around them. In the fast-paced digital world of today doing nothing is such a rare quality that is now sold in the form of an experience. People shell out thousands of dollars for a getaway trip to places where cell, internet, and WIFI are extremely limited in the hopes of doing nothing. This is something that is becoming less and less common as our connection to digital world increases. The rate of which we can send and receive information comes down to milliseconds over an unlimited geographical location. That system is set up for us to almost never be out of touch with anything new interesting or just not run out of thing to do. This diminishes our drive to go out and put together time to do noting and hinders us from just being. Even at night before we go to sleep when it is easiest to do nothing, we can’t stop from checking our social media, scrolling endlessly though Gifs, readings, and posts. Making even time that is brought about to do nothing hard to stop the digital download of information. Deep thinking and listening are qualities that are being driven out of the norm of society in place of a never ending connection to the internet. 
