Jenny Odell shows us how she slows down and takes time to do nothing in a world that is constantly moving. Wherein she can do nothing but stop and smell the roses at an Oakland rose garden. When stopping and smelling the roses, society sees it as doing nothing. But is it really doing nothing? 

In the 1970s, Odell’s favorite rose garden was paved over to be turned into condo. This was until protests from the residents put it at an end. For a profit, it holds no value for greedy corporations or businesses. However, the purpose of this garden does not have to have monetary value. For people like Odell, they gain something much better than if they were to purchase something. They gain a reprieve from their fast paced, daily routines that can drain their mental energy. When people consider doing “nothing” is it really doing nothing? 

I believe when I do nothing productive, I get a break and can gain the energy to do the tasks I need to do. If everyone did work or were productive every single minute, they would be exhausted or inhuman. Everyone needs some time to relax and do nothing in order to have a sane and healthy mind. Everyone is doing something even if they are doing nothing. 

Unfortunately, the concept of doing nothing is seen as being unhealthy, unproductive, or just straight up lazy. This is usually shown in forms of satirical media or older generations making offhand comments. But even the older generations participate in doing nothing. Such as watching TV, or browse and use Facebook. I consider my nothing as either doing for myself like a hobby that isn’t my main occupation or browsing cute pins because it allows me to take my mind off of the daily stress or routine that I have to perform day in and day out. I do not consider these activities as a waste, as long as I still can be productive in school or work I will continue to relax when I need to. 

I agree with Odell because she shows that society is seeing doing nothing as unproductive, lazy, or a waste of time and money. But I think if you want to dedicate your time and money to something that makes you happy then you should do it because we all need a break or to stop and smell the roses. 
