<p>The most impressive part for me in this article is that when the author discusses public places. I strongly agree with what she is saying: Public places don't restrain people, they don't make anyone feel oppressed or discomfort. It's not like you walk into a store, and you stayed for a long time and didn't buy anything, you might feel embarrassed. However, in public space, you don't have to care about yourself too much, or care about what you do might affect others. Then, the author discussed the rose garden. The land of the rose garden was previously there to be business opportunities and thus became a profitable area. I have a deep understanding of this. The author said: "Maybe some people will say that their parks and libraries always have to become apartments." The problem of over-exploitation exists in many countries nowadays: once a real estate company discovers a place with a pretty good environment, it usually begins to prepare to build apartments, townhouses, business districts and so on. As a result, people lose a lot of time to spend the weekend or holiday in public places.
Throughout the entire article, the author discusses a lot based on the topics about time and space. This includes when the author mentions creativity: when inspiring creativity, it is important that people give themselves enough time and space to use their imagination and use their abilities. Just as the author's father left his previous job, he spent a lot of time and allow himself doing a lot of leisure and relaxation, and finally found "things that happened at work only seems like one small part of something much larger."
The author also discusses online platforms and face-to-face conversations. She first discussed that she was talking about religion with friends who are in different beliefs with each other. In the end, no one persuaded the others, but they listened carefully to each other and respected each other's positions. In this case, it is what the author says about sensitivity when people have face-to-face conversations, however, connectivity often occurs on online platforms: because people can understand things that cannot be explain orally, and in face-to-face interactions, people spend a lot of time Let the other person understand what you are saying. This is even harder.
</p>
