The article “How to do Nothing” by Jenny Odell was a reading I related to alot because I spend some time doing “nothing” outside during the weekends. Like Odell’s favorite hang out, I go to a place next to the Guadalupe River Trail to relax. Odell’s explanation of how her hangout came to be a great place of learning and listening is exploring ideas of how technology today isolates us from listening entirely. Her examples gives us insight on how we can be less dependent on phones and be more aware of the actual surroundings that we isolate when we stare into objects. With devices that gives instant gratification on every level, we slowly lose a portion of human behavior that is mitigated by these devices. Odell’s story about John Muir and his eye incident sheds light on the importance of the now and power of time to be able to acknowledge the layers of present surroundings. Odell’s artwork explores themes about origin and story that can be seen at Recology. Using modern technology to tell story of objects creates an interesting way of listening to how and where these objects came from. Although technology has benefitted human society in some helpful ways, Odell would argue that these dream machines will leave us out short of something that must be experienced naturally. I agree with her overall argument because there seems to be a balance between a healthy dose of technology, versus a dependency that is masked as productivity or leisure. Technology has too much pact in our lives, incoming information at a faster pace being the norm for newer generations to come. 
