When I began going to college I began to think that time should not be wasted and to do nothing is simply wasting time. Odell brings up the point that the idea of “nothing” is neither a luxury nor a waste of time but a necessary part of meaningful thought and speech. I recently transferred into San Jose State University and up until recently I have found myself spending more time just thinking, hours on end at times, about art specifically creating critical and conceptual art. I’ve never been more challenged in my life to think so long and deeply about a subject yet I do find joy in doing so. I believe there is a comforting effect to being alone with oneself, to think freely without being judged, and to teeter in the limits of thought of ones own mind. 
Odell’s idea revolving the moments of stopping to listen or being in labyrinth spaces as a kind of removal from the sphere of familiarity is akin to taking a step back. To think and process away from ones normal ways of thinking and into a new realm of thought, one that is owned by the thinker yet viewed separately, truly becomes a moment of retreat. I had, briefly and not intensively, taken up gardening which to my surprise was a lot more calming than what I had thought prior. I had preconceived notions about gardening; I thought it was back-breaking and dirty work, which it is, but there was another layer to it. For me it was a time to think, it was to be engaged in something that didn’t require a due date or had to be relied on someone else. It was a time for me to engage in nothing yet do something as to not undermine my own thoughts about wasting time do nothing. 
