In the article, “how to do nothing” by Jenny Odell, she starts off by demonstrating to us how to slow down and take the time to do nothing. She does so by providing an example of the Morcom Amphitheatre of Roses located in Oakland. Odell would visit there often and noted how many people just view the rose garden as an aesthetic and beautiful place but no purpose of it. She does find a purpose for the garden, as she states it is a place where she can sit down and relax while enjoying the scent of roses around her. This made me reflect on how sometimes I tend to overlook at things I do on a daily basis. For example, our school has a couple of nice and historical significant locations such as the Tower lawn statues and the Cesar Chavez monument. However, since I pass by them very often, I do not think much of them. I do appreciate the artwork but in all my four years here, I never exactly stopped and observe it. Odell also goes in depth on the meaning of “nothing”, stating that it is “neither a luxury or a waste of time but rather a necessary part of meaningful thought and speech.”  She then demonstrates using her artwork. Then she refers to the architecture of nothing in which she explains it is when an artist creates a structure that has a contemplative space that is against the pressures of habit and familiarity. In other words, it is not just a simple structure, but a structure that specifically serves for a purpose. I agree with her statement of understanding the practice of doing nothing for self-indulgent luxury, almost similar to a mental health day. There are times I feel extremely overwhelmed in which I pick a specific day to just forget about everything and rest. Although I feel guilty about it after, since I always feel like I have to do something and not waste time, especially since it is my last year and lots of deadlines approaching me super quick. But in the end, I feel relieved I did spent the day doing nothing because it helped me to gain back at least a small portion of sleep I have sacrificed ever since school has started. After reading this article, it made me understand the value of finding purpose of the things I do, no matter how little or irrelevant they may seem. However, this has been extremely difficult these days, especially with the amount of overwhelmed I have been feeling lately with all the deadlines piling up on me. It is not that I let them for last minute, but once I am close to finishing on task, another one suddenly pops out, creating an overwhelming feeling of stress. Therefore, hopefully, by trying to focus on the things I have already done or am close to finishing instead of over worrying, I can find a purpose of doing my daily routines, thus reducing the amount of stress I currently feel. 
