In this reading Jenny Odell talks about doing nothing in a world where people always feel like they need to be doing something. She mentions various art projects such as <i>Applause Encouraged</i>, where people were ushered into a sectioned off area to sit and watch the sunset while being reminded not to take any photos. There was also <i>Sky Pesher</i>, where someone could observe different patches of isolated skies. It felt like Odell was trying to remind people that it's okay to slow down and relax sometimes. We live in such a fast-paced society that we often feel like we'll be left behind if we stop for even a minute. 

The different places that Odell was discussing was interesting, especially the Chapel of the Chimes where the map does not contain any "you are here" symbols. As Odell puts it, "all it does is tell you that you’re somewhere in a complicated maze." Often people look at these maps for guidance because they have a set destination in mind, but it seems like this map in particular is forcing you to either spend the time to figure it out for yourself or just allow yourself to get lost in this place and enjoy the scenery. The same can go for the concept of labyrinths. The shorter option would be to build a straight path from start to finish, but labyrinths will take you around multiple loops and paths which forces you to observe the world around you. It allows time for becoming attuned to your surroundings.

When Odell mentioned that by just listening she could finally distinguish the fact that her mom could speak three languages and not just two. I had a similar experience when I would listen to my grandmother talk to her family and the words she would use didn't sound like Tagalog. I learned later that she was actually speaking Ilocano and eventually was able to distinguish the exact moments when she would switch from Tagalog to Ilocano. It reminds me of what Odell said in the article, "...we can become attuned to things, able to pick up and then hopefully differentiate finer and finer frequencies each time." Also, just by listening to my family talk to each other I was able to understand some words and phrases in Tagalog.

A lot of the time when I'm doing nothing I either feel unproductive or have some person hounding me and calling me lazy. However, I'm not a robot. I can't keep working 24/7 without stopping at some point. Doing nothing, in the sense of not doing something productive, is a way for me to recharge and sustain myself. I wish that more people could see it this way as well. 
