<p>Reading 10</p>
<p>In this article, the most impressive part for me is that when the author talks about public places. I strongly agree with what she says: public places do not restrain people, they do not make anyone feel oppressed or discomfort. It's not like walking into a store, and you've been staying for a long time, buying nothing, you might feel embarrassed. Nonetheless, you don't have to think too much about yourself in public space, or you might worry about what you're doing that might influence others. The author then spoke about the rose garden. Previously the land of the rose garden was there to have opportunities for business and thus became a profitable area. I have a profound understanding of this.</p>
<p>The author said Perhaps some people will say that their parks and libraries must always become homes. Nowadays, the issue of over-exploitation occurs in many countries: once a real estate company finds a place with a pretty good climate, it usually begins planning to build apartments, townhouses, business districts, and so on. As a result, people are losing a lot of time in public places to spend the weekend or holiday.
</p>
<p>The author discusses a lot throughout the entire article focused on the subjects of time and space. It includes when the author mentions creativity: it is important for people to allow themselves enough time and space to use their imagination and use their abilities while encouraging creativity. Just as the father of the author quit his previous job, he spent a lot of time doing a lot of leisure and relaxing and finally found things that happened at work appeared to be just a small part of something much bigger.
</p>
<p>It also discusses online platforms and face-to-face conversations. She first spoke to friends who are in different beliefs with each other about religion. Finally, no one convinced the others, but they listened to each other carefully and respected the views of each other. In this situation, when people have face-to-face conversations, it is what the author says about responsiveness, but communication also happens on online platforms: because people can understand something that can not be conveyed verbally, and people spend a lot of time in face-to-face interactions, making the other person understand what you're saying. This is even more difficult.
</p>
