In “how to do nothing,” Jenny Odell forces us to slow down in a world that is always moving fast. She starts off by talking about her favorite place to do nothing: a rose garden in situated in Oakland, beautiful and scenic, but serving no discernible purpose. Except, however, the rose garden does serve a purpose - it serves to be a place for people like Odell to sit and smell the roses, so to speak. But places like that are not appreciated.

Why do we as a society see no value in something like sitting and watching birds in a rose garden? It is mentioned in the article that the garden was almost bulldozed over and renovated into a bunch of condos in the 70s, until adamant protesting and fighting from the residents managed to put that plan to an end. To corporations and higher up entities, it serves no meaningful purpose because there is no tangible gain. But to people like Odell, the purpose is plentiful and right in front of their eyes. As a society, we do not place value on doing nothing. We must always be doing something, and that something must be productive. There is no value in doing something that yields no profit - after all, what’s the point?

Doing nothing doesn’t mean just mucking about. You still can do something, whether it’s working for a cause you believe in, birdwatching, or anything else. The point is that you don’t always have to do “work” - sometimes, you can do things just for the sake of doing it. Neither one path is more correct than the other. They’re both different forms of working towards something, whether it is by technical aspects or just for yourself.

This is an issue that currently plagues us today, particularly Millennials and Gen Z. Something I notice amongst my peers (I classify myself and peers of around my age as the tail end of Millennials), and from what I’ve gleaned from my younger sister (a member of Gen Z), is that most of us feel like we’re doing something wrong if we’re not doing something “productive.” It’s a common thought that we should constantly be working on improving ourselves, our future, our careers, whatever, otherwise it is a waste of time. Even hobbies are being treated as something that should provide us with experience, revenue, etc. What can’t we just relax and do things for fun? Why do we have to have ambitious career plans? What if we’re just content doing enough to succeed but also not too much so we can step back and enjoy the things that life has to offer us outside of constant progress?

I largely agree with Odell’s writing, and I firmly agree with her stance. People mistake “unproductive” activities as a waste, whether it’s time, expenses, etc. that are being wasted. I see them as the chance to spend more time by yourself, which can lead you to exploring and learning more about yourself than you ever knew. Sometimes, we just need to do nothing. Doing nothing is an art in its own way.
