
The article “how to do nothing” by Jenny Odell was an interesting read. I really got to thinking about how doing nothing could be not just quote unquote nothing but a pause and a stop for reflection and meditation. A space that can be voluntarily put into or forced upon due to unfortunate circumstances. The idea of nothing is not abhorred upon the general public it is desired despite the workaholic standard of the bay area bubble we live in. There is a fear associated with the act of doing nothing. The fear of FOMO or fear of losing out is one of them socially but career wise, there is a new custom that is a determent to our society. Businesses are choosing to shift to allowing worker to be able to work from home but in consequence this means their home becomes their work and the line between home and work blurs ever so slightly where it can be indistinguishable at times. As a student, we hope to not have to suffer from this but in reality, this is very real and troublesome. I fear that this erasure of home, work, and school have been shifting. I find myself having to be available more than I would like for work and school, waking up just to rush off to help someone or get into design work. I could simply say no more often and give myself more space, but it is not a matter of saying no. I fear that there will be a point that I cannot simply say no for risk negative consequences placed on me that I cannot recover from. Even with things like social media, it is a burden to keep up with it all, I used to not have a social media account when I was younger. Now that I have a social media account, I find it hard to be on top of things and post or think of interesting things to post and say. I also want to keep some of my personal life to myself. Being able to separate between what stays irl, in real life only and what is shared to the world. Even if I physically separate myself from the world it can still mean that I am attached to it digitally. 
	I find myself turning off my phone more or leaving it at home if I do not need to be attached to it, I prefer to choose to not be attached to it. It is very freeing and allows me to do nothing in my waiting moments walking to class or waiting for an elevator. Despite being still physically here, I am less taxed that I would be with it. The more I reflect after reading Odell’s article I find this as more of a reason to “self-care” not for the marketing but to be able to remember to eat and spend time not constantly worrying about everything or if I get x, y, and z done. I can choose to not wait for a forced pause, and take it now.
