I felt so much connection while reading Jenny Odell’s how to do nothing. I felt like I was reading my own journal. I love to observe and reflect on my own time, and I never felt being unproductive. During my years in high school and community college, I always found time in walking on the trails of Alviso Marina County Park. At this park, they had concrete trails that surrounds a part of the bay. There were always various birds roaming around the surrounding and you can hear small waves hitting Alviso’s shores. I would always either run, bike or just walk around the trails. I lived close to this area and it was such a convenient hangout place for me. I would always reflect on how my day or week went, and would use exercise as a way for me to vent out frustrations or stress. 

One of my favorite quotes from Odell’s piece was “what a relief to have nothing to say, the right to say nothing, because only then is there a chance of framing the rare, and ever rarer, thing that might be worth saying”. This spoke to me as it was the best way to describe the experience one may feel while reflecting or observing. I would find myself thinking about the things that I’ve said or done and ponder why I did it. Another part that I liked was John Muir’s experience when he got partially blind. Muir stated, “life was too brief and uncertain, and time too precious, to waste upon belts and saws; that while he was pottering in a wagon factory, God was making a world; and he determined that, if his eyesight was spared, he would devote the remainder of his life to a study of the process.” This is such an important message that I believe everyone should know. Nowadays, a lot of people are so busy with their own tasks, whether it’s for school or their career. Our society became so fast paced that we forget to observe and reflect on ourselves. It makes me realize the things that I’ve spent time and effort on. Odell also dived into the topic of social media and how it has affected everyone’s priorities. Odell stated, “In a situation where every waking moment has become pertinent to our making a living, and when we submit even our leisure for numerical evaluation via likes on Facebook and Instagram, constantly checking on its performance like one checks a stock, monitoring the ongoing development of our personal brand, time becomes an economic resource that we can no longer justify spending on “nothing.” It provides no return on investment; it is simply too expensive.”. This is such an accurate statement that no one realized. It clearly does provide no return on investment on our part and our time is so expensive. I realized the countless times I was active on social media, lurking on various content from other individuals that did not impact me in anyway.

This whole article is very helpful and it makes you think a lot about your past decisions and experiences. It also helps someone understand the important concept of process. Everyone should stop and reflect once awhile, as it helps one’s growth in the long run.

