Reading about this article about How to Do Nothing has really reached out and changed my perspectives about the concept of “nothing”. Learning about how the author talks about nothing not being a luxury or a waste of time, they introduced it as a necessary part or a meaningful thought and speech. I really was intrigued with the idea of the garden being something that the author resonated with a lot, seeing it as a practice of doing nothing but to her, felt necessary and somewhat as a coping mechanism for the reality of a beautiful vs. terrifying world. I feel like I could relate to this in a sense where I’m not encompassed on a garden like the author, but I have my own interests such as drawing or playing videogames as my own “necessary, survival tactic” against the terrifying world. Talking about “Making Nothing” for intellectual reasons was interesting, seeing as the author was talking about these desires to make something new. I agree about the subject of observation being precious and fragile, as our mindsets to create something new or try and reinterpret something already made can vary and change quickly. The removal of the Marlboro logo in the cowboy poster was interesting to see how a concept could be interpreted differently. The “Architecture of Nothing” gave new light on nothing providing a design and creativity to an artistic piece. The act of catching someone’s attention and changing granularly their perception through design and listening was something I didn’t think about, and I’m intrigued to learn about more examples that fall under this category other than the ones shown in the article. Seeing as how attention doesn’t need to be spatialized or visual makes me think of what other creative possibilities artists do to grab the attention of their viewers. The “Precarity of Nothing” talked about the demand of human labor and understanding the practice of doing nothing. Seeing as how public, non-commercial space demands nothing from you in order to enter, I didn’t think about you, as a person, posed a threat or a consumer to the design and location of the place itself. This constant talk about time and space management resonated with me as I never found myself being able to connect both together well, and this talk of self-deprivation was something super relatable. The “Birds” section seemed like a lukewarm section about the author just sharing their experiences with birds in their youthful years, but I really liked the description of seeing patterns between one another, inhabiting perspectives, and understanding our large presences. To conclude the article, the “Nothing for Something” paragraph talked about a time of reflecting, healing, and sustaining ourselves. When I would think of doing nothing, I’d feel like I wasn’t accomplishing anything, and I was just wasting time being unproductive. But this article really opened up my idea to nothing since it’s seen as a strategic form of self-care, a way for us to learn in listening, and protecting ourselves. As a method of self-preservation and listening to one another, I’m intrigued to try and doing “nothing” with others around me.
