My first thought upon the author's assertion that everyone should take time to do nothing is that she is clearly speaking from a place of privilege. She anticipates this response and provides a preemptive rebuttal. I do still think this comes from privilege. Even if I agree that time to do nothing should be a right, things that should be rights are often described as privilege when only a select few have them. She also states that this practice is not a luxury or a waste of time. While I agree that it's likely beneficial to one's mental and emotional health and thus not a waste of time, I believe it is indeed a luxury because only those with disposable time can live like this without incurring negative consequences that would cancel out any benefits. 

It's plain that people often think of time through a capitalist perspective. "Time is money" is a ever-repeated phrase for a reason. It's not wrong, any time that one might spend watching birds or smelling flowers is time that could be spent in making money. It's not untrue, even if you don't prefer to look at it that way. Time is rent, time is classwork, time is practice and learning from which to build a career, time is sometimes doing something actually enjoyable and fulfilling, and if you are successful and financially stable, then time can be spent doing nothing to a benefit, but I don't think it's practical in today's world to expect most people to be able to do that because if they do, then that time is spent at a debt and created a much greater mental burden than it might alleviate.

I feel like I was forced to spend a lot of time doing nothing this past weekend due to the PG&E shutoff. I lost almost a full weekend of work, and it was anything but relaxing or regenerative. It was nothing but anxiety at the class work and income and progress I'd have to recover in the following week. 

That said, I do think that it's something that's worth working for, a society where work is less pervasive and workers have more rights and better conditions. It seems like we're going backwards though, so I doubt it's something that will ever be more than a fantasy for people of today's working class.
