The article how to do nothing by Jenny Odell, is about the concept of doing nothing which results in actually being more productive than expected. The author presented the idea of nothing as something quite interesting and actually considerably meaningful. In a section of the reading, she mentions a rose garden in which she visits to experience true silence and ‘nothingness’ vs a terrifying world. She said that it felt to her like a survival tactic. To this I can relate because I have found myself with similar thoughts when I visit beautiful gardens. In a sense it is a way to escape from the rest of the world. I really liked the quote “providing little gaps of solitude and silence in which what a relief to have nothing to say, the right to say nothing, because only then is there a chance of framing the rare, and ever rarer, thing that might be worth saying”. We sometimes find ourselves in certain silent situations that do make us resonate on our problems or things we have to accomplish. For instance, when I have a project that I have to work on, I like to just sit back, relax and do ‘nothing’ because it helps me to be more creative and focus. The idea of clearing one's mind before performing a task, really helps to be more expressive. 
This whole topic on ‘nothingness’ is more accurate for artists because it falls under the realm of creativity. This can be frustrating to many artists because they might feel like they are not getting anywhere. In reality, it is the opposite. Even simple things such as collecting old toys, magazines, telephones, might seem like nothing much per se. However, after time of collecting it can help the artist develop new ideas that in fact can lead to great works of art. 
For me, observing nature definitely helps me in the expression process. A lot of people don’t really know how to fully appreciate all the forms and shapes that are in our surroundings. Clouds and the sky do that for me. When I stare at the clouds, I see a variety of shapes and makes me wonder about things that I never actually thought about. Odell gives a good example. She talks about James Turell’s sky room(officially Sky pesher). In this space, one can contemplate an isolated patch of sky. The reason this artwork is very powerful, is because its message revolves around the idea of ‘nothingness’. Odell herself mentioned how she visited three consecutive days in which she had different experiences. It reminded me of my fellow friend who created a gigantic mushroom made out of cardboard.On the side of the mushroom she place a small cup with music. Her idea behind it was to create a silent moment for others to stop, think and relax. In hopes of this, she wanted people to submerge in the moment and experience real tranquility. After trying it for myself, I agree that it did exactly that.  










