
In the article, “How To do Nothing” by Jenny Ordell explains that doing nothing is technically doing something. I always put myself down feeling like I’ve done nothing when I am technically doing something. Reading this made me put things in perspective that we are doing something in some way. It is some form of way to think, reflect, heal, and sustain ourselves. For example, taking the time to walk around outside is a form of self care. Doing nothing teaches us how to listen. Ordell mentions about John Muir of how it took him different places before he became a naturalist. Not only Muir was an inventor in a wagon wheel factory, but he also loved botany. Ordell mentions also her father removing himself from his job as a technician, and realizing that it was himself that he had to deal with. Removing himself from that job after looking for jobs made him realize that he actually had a good job.

 I’ve never gone to the rose garden in Oakland but my friend has always mentioned about it being free to go. We were supposed to go a couple months back, but we couldn’t find the right time to do so. I didn’t know that the rose garden was going to be demolished throughout the years its been there. It’s terrible that we are losing non commercial spaces to make profit out of them. These spaces are not valued unless they are making money. There’s also different forms of spaces being used for different purposes. For example, the Universal Studios Citywalk is there for you to consume and buy things compared to a public space like a library, where you can use that space to do homework and read. Ordell has made a good point about in computer ads, it was supposed to meant to save you time to be able to enjoy lunch. As a result, jobs can be worked at home now. Time is now focused to make money. As ordell says, “home is work;work is home”.

