The idea of doing nothing sounds very unique. It’s something I feel like I wouldn’t enjoy because I want to be productive. However, after reading this does make me realize how doing nothing is also something productive. Most of the time during the summer, I don’t really do anything at all. This season is where school is over, go to my part time job, and later just head home. There are times where I hangout with my friends and families but most of the time, I’m just at home doing nothing. It’s interesting though because I actually enjoy doing nothing. Doing nothing allows me to observe the space around me. Sometimes the time could go by fast or it can go by very slowly. It also gives me the time to heal myself. 

When I’m in the backyard, I usually just sit outside and observe many things. I observe the sky quite a lot and I will notice the slow movements of the sky. Sometimes I do get sick when I look at the sky but I think about how the world is moving slowly. That’s just one thought I have. But I feel like many things that have been going around me have slowly disappeared. And somehow I started viewing those problems from a different perspective or outside the box. I start thinking about how in those problems there are some faults that I have done and should accept it. It also allows me to want to change my behavior and become a better person. This also gave me goals that I want to accomplish in the future.  

Doing nothing also allows me to think of creative ideas for my art projects. Most of the time when I want to create an art project, I will always have an art block. It makes me want to try something new such as a different medium or technique. One of the art projects I had was to create a memorial project to memorialize a person, animal, thing, or anything. The person I chose to memorialize was the late president of the Nintendo company. I want to memorialize him because he was an amazing person that brought games into our world such as Mario, Legend of Zelda, Fire Emblem, Super Smash Bros., and many more. For this project, we are not able to do a portrait of the person. So I was having a really long art block for this project. I remember during those times, I just sat in my room and observed many things such as the merchandise and art prints I have bought from an anime convention. This was where one merchandise, a pokemon figure made out of perler beads, stood out to me. This stood out to me and made me remember how there were game consoles created with perler beads for fun. This idea struck me on how I can do this to memorialize the late president by creating many of the game consoles using perler beads and putting them on a platform. I have never used perler beads before and putting them onto a platform. After creating this project, it made me feel satisfied with the idea of how it’s new and refreshing. The idea of doing nothing has become part of my daily routine to do creative activities and to learn and heal myself. 
