“Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie: the cognitive segregation of America” by Jason Gots and Christopher Wylie from the Think Big article discusses a situation where a former employee tried to alter people's opinion within the company by exposing the data and information from people’s smartphone. On paper it seems like a genius idea for the most efficient way possible of success, but is completely viewed as an unethical method that should be concerning for our future.

As an average user of social media myself, I am unaffected by how much of my data is being passed around as I solely want to use the function of the website I made an account for. That was my normal mindset when I make accounts like Twitter and Facebook, but it is only until I did research on advertisements and algorithms that this method of passing data is exposed to me. It has made me more aware of what I read on the internet and if what I am seeing is real or not concerning to political motives where Facebook could have been bribed to display these ads. It might not have even been a human action, but rather an algorithmic decision from their AI that was not taught for ethical decisions. 

It is a scary method when they mention how our lives are in possession of someone else and how we are merely puppets playing their game for money. Social media is a powerful tool that is often looked at as a double-edged sword. The potential for innovation and introduction to new culture are limitless, but in the wrong hands and it could corrupt the world. Admitly, we are selfish beings that ignore these cyber security threats and would rather continue messaging our friends from across the world. However, I do see some influencers like Mr. Beast who is a famous YouTuber that put his power to good use by getting millions of people to donate to a tree planting campaign. So there is some hope to our next generation
