<br>The reading on Cambridge Analytica brings to light a topic of privacy and cooperate manipulation of the masses. It is at the point where the whistle blower said that with the information gathered, they were making it easier and actual breeding insurgents that it really caught my attention. Making a profile from everything you do on Facebook or online in general and coaxing you to be a part of something that could potentially get you killed is amongst the most insane forms of manipulation out there. The thing is we now because of social media all have profiles that are sold and purchased in ways to coax us into things like what is referenced. I believe that is linking to a future of control that is just scary. Whenever the conversation of data is brought up the movie minority report comes into the conversation. That is what I am referencing. Where these companies can check a profile and know what moves you are going to make before you do. In that light being able to sell and trap you more will be child play. With Cambridge Analytica, they used this data to interfere with an election ultimately changing the route of this country in my opinion for the worse. Knowing a person’s reaction to an even or an idea is a great way t corral them into categories making them better for the company to control. It’s amazing the amount of information one can get from the internet about a person, and even more so what is done with that information. All in the name of profit where we have become a renewable source of income for  a data-oriented stock market. <br>

<br>This makes me think also of an episode of black mirror where a dating app simulated over 1000 interactions between a couple for the reason of finding out if in fact, they are a match or not. The app used family history, heath issues, psychological profiles and past dating history. It simulated their occurrences in the app then if they broke tradition to be together enough then the app would send them a message IRL giving them their percentage of compatibility. While on that show is was done for a more wholesome reason, this brings my point home. Where by looking at a sample number with little context as to how the algorithm formed the connection, people would think they found their life partner. They type of control is embedded in apps most of use every day. Facebook only showing our friends and links with something we have in common. Instagram tailoring the explore page to thing you like and will click on are all form of the same type of manipulation. With the end game being to make us shop, spend and buy more in masses. 
