Jason Gots’ the Big Think podcast included Jason talking to Christopher Wylie. Wylie is a programmer who worked with Cambridge Analytica before leaving due to the scale of actions the company was performing. Gots and Wylie discuss throughout this podcast to walk through the journey of how Cambridge Analytica and Facebook took advantage of the data given and made ripples of influence within our society. 

Wylie discusses how Cambridge Analytica worked with Steve Bannon where they targeted outsiders or those on the fringes of society to group together and assist the alternative right movement. Using the data collected and sourced from social media platforms like Facebook, profiles were built and certain types of information were fed to people who were deemed the most applicable for the alt right movement ideals. When people began to start taking in that information, they begin to grow paranoid, and it becomes increasingly more difficult for them to deem what is reality and what is a lie. In addition, things become more complicated and confusing with the addition of propaganda being marketed towards them as well. With growing paranoia, and isolation people like this are more than likely to seek out others who are similar to them. Isolated and paranoid that everything and anything is a lie. When those similar folks connect, it allows a form of alt right movement to be birthed and grown. 

The event of these uprisings of alt right movements has caused America to become segregated and divided, where people are shifting from a moderate center to either far left or far right. The cause of this divide is technology. Well, not the cause but certainly a tool for these divides to grow and worsen with time. This technology now has humanity as slaves to its uses and how we think. It influences our daily routines, our behavior, how we think, and more. Companies like Cambridge Analytica and Facebook use technology to their advantage where they emphasize or spurn extreme values in order for more and more people to shift either farther left or father right.  

Ideally, there is a restriction on both technology and tech companies who gather and use our own shared data against us. Unfortunately, no matter who uses it technology will always wind up in the hands of a profit driven holder who has no care for their users and what social implications they could potentially have on society. However, like all change, society will put forth reforms and restrictions regarding technology or else humanity will self-destruct on its’ own using the technology we created to advance our society. 
