<p>One thing that is interesting from the podcast is when Christopher Wylie gave us an example: when we go outside and meet someone that has the same hobbies with you: he/she listen the song you listen, watch the movies you watch. You feel so excited to meet that person. And it is pretty much like what happened when you use facebook. You thought how exciting that you see these things online, however, its because they stalk you and track you, they know what you are listening and watching  everyday.</p>
<br>
<p>It makes me think about the dating apps. The dating apps could just collect the users data, and to find the one that match each other the most. When the users think how magic it is to meet someone who loves the things you love too by accident in a dating app, it is actually just the big data helped you to find the one on purpose.</p>
<br>
<p>In the era that social media is play a very important role, people really need the ability to identify the information is right or wrong. In the middle of the interview, I didn’t really understand all what they are talking about, but I realized that they are talking something about politics on the social media. It makes me think about that nowadays people or media love to share their opinions online. So, in this open environment, people feel free to say what their thoughts are, and people could also try to filter out something that might not be reasonable. Just like if you meet someone online that totally matches you, you would better to think: is that real.</p>
<br>
<p>Social media seems be controlled by human being, or it originally be created for human to control and operate. To connect with current situation. It will be ironic, if we start to put our 100% trusts in these platform, and our minds will be controlled and operated by it.</p>
