In the article “Cambridge Analytica with Christopher Wylie” Christopher Wylie speaks about his journey with Cambridge Analytica. It is interesting to read about the value of internet data and the new forms of powers growing behind the scenes. Data has changed the way war works, as it can be used as a tool to manipulate masses. Jihad recruitment using fashion trends as a way of recruiting men for ISIS was interesting to read about because it shows how data can target specific individuals. Creating a replica society with data was an experiment that involved many specialists that succeeded in getting political leverage. Vulnerabilities is used as weakness in the world of data as a tool for manipulation, through memes or pho-expert sites and privatized websites. Cognitive segregation with people can cause a problem through different experiences for different people browsing the internet.

I see this as a problem today in pour society because it can create different molded experiences for people that may only be bound to certain media outlets without being exposed to other content. People that suffer from this framework include people of lower class that may restrict them from being exposed to positive media. My personal experience of the internet is very different because it shows me mostly commercial ads with a lot of political splash. Observing how social media outlets have changed from the beginning such as instagrams assortment of posts as well as facebooks. Information is valuable today because they can cause a change in dynamics to not just online browsing but deep within politics and structural powers of the web.

