It’s interesting to hear about the evolution of warfare. Nukes were, and can still be, the number one most sought after weapon with little to no counter measures. There is the idea that who ever holds the most nukes is the one that shouldn’t be messed with. America has many nukes and many countries try to be on the same footing if not better. However, as Wylie explains, it’s difficult for countries, Russia as he mentioned, to have nukes that work. For a country to become on the same footing as America, in terms of nuke count, is difficult and what choice do these countries have but to adapt and create a new means of gaining the upper hand. As Wylie mentions, these countries do so by radicalizing those living in America. It’s unfortunate in some of the ways that people become radicalized one being through vulnerability. Being lured into a rabbit hole because of a need to relate or self-identify then to become brainwashed into believing in something so radical is like Wylie says, “...in cahoots with the devil.” 

I enjoyed the saying, “politics exist down the stream from culture” because the two terms are intertwined so tightly around one another in the way that the terms deal with the lives of people in such a close connection that to change the portrayal of one term will almost definitely lead to a change in the other. Why should culture be changed to better fit the political needs of a government rather than change the politics to better incorporate people into a certain culture? I believe Wylie is correct in the idea that to bring change one should look to changing culture rather than politics because politics derive from the needs of the people and the needs of the people is best seen in the culture. If one were to make a change beginning in politics with the idea of changing culture then that would change the needs of the people forcing them to change culturally, and a forced changed is often times unwanted. 

When Wylie talks about the segregation of people’s ideology despite being neighbors it reminds me of how countries are separated from one another by walls or makeshift borders. Because of these borders people’s ideology, from whatever country, cannot easily be shared across borders thus a segregation in ideology and culture will form. When differing ideologies cross paths it may lead to violence therefore forming a war. I think the same can be said for a neighborhood. Although there are people living close to one another they may share different ideas. Wylie says that they may live in completely different worlds. 

It’s scary to think that when crimes regarding the internet occur there is not a single agency or person to look to, to solve these problems. I liked Wylie’s idea that companies should consider the impact of their creations on society. His example of creating an unsafe building and anything bad that happens to a person inside is their fault for not reading the terms and conditions is a great example of disregard.
