In the Big Think podcast, the host and programmer Christopher Wylie discuss about the Cambridge Analytica. I found this article to be interesting because it is my first time hearing about the issue with Cambridge Analytica and how it impacted significantly This made me realize how social media or anything online can easily influence someone in believing it is true. For example, sometimes on Facebook, I sometimes see some articles that obviously hold false information such as the anti-vaccination ads claiming the vaccines were dangerous because they had mercury and caused autism. Although the vast majority of the people did not  believe in those claims, there are a few that strongly believe in them, despite coming from an unreliable social media source instead of a certified medical website or the doctor themselves. 

Going back to the Cambridge Analytica, this issue also manipulated a large group of people on the internet and even the 2016 presidential election. It collected a huge amount of data from Facebook accounts in order to influence them to vote for a particular side. But they did not just manipulated anyone, they picked specific groups of people who they knew were going to be easily influenced in order for them to vote.  It is very scary how easily these people collected personal data from a supposed secured social media accounts and how they instantly knew who would be easily influenced based on that data. 

I believe by now, we as a society know very well that we are being manipulated with all these false claims and information, yet some of us  still let ourselves get fooled by these false news that sound too good to be true. But at least some of us do not get fooled by these fake news.
