In this Big Think podcast, Jason Gots talks with Christopher Wylie and his involvement with Cambridge Analytica and later his process of whisleblowing on the group. Wylie discusses the group's origins, what he did for them, how Cambridge Analytica took advantage of people and basically analyzing the entire situation from start to end to bring awareness to those who do not know or fully understand the ordeal about Cambridge Analytica and Facebook using our data to manipulate society.

Originally, I had an understanding of how companies used target ads to encourage more engagement, but I did not realize it went as far as to become part of a scheme for political consulting. It was interesting to learn about the formation of the alt right and how Cambridge Analytica and Steven Bannon were targeting white, male outsiders on the fringe of society to band together and carry out this movement. It was also interesting that the Jihad advertised themselves to others as people who life lifestyles of fast cars and other luxuries rather than detailing what they really do. They were targeting young/married Muslims who felt like they were excluded from society to become part of this radical movement and it would work. They were being fed this idea that their life sucks because they have no purpose, but this community of people could give them the purpose they needed. It is unfortunate that these groups are taking advantage of other people's trust and insecurities while also making them think that everything that is not part of the group's ideology is "fake news."

Wylie described these groups by using the example of a blind date where the person you are on the date with seems like the perfect person for you. However, it is only because they were stalking your social media for years and know everything about you that they seem like they are a great person. Their true intentions would be something like only being with you to get your money. This makes me really take pity on people who are a part of these radical movements because they were emotionally and psychologically manipulated into joining the group. It is scary to think that these groups are profiling people and just waiting to strike.

Considering these factors, it makes me wonder what parts of our online identities are truly our own and not just part of some grand scheme to take advantage of other people that are similar. It is also unfortunate to know that there is no leader, captain of the ship, etc. that is an expert in data crimes or cyber crimes. We want to believe that the government will help us when faced with the issues, but the truth is that they can only go so far because they do not have a plan for these kind of things. There should be better regulations in regards to how our data is being used by companies. They need to be held responsible for their actions instead of looking the other way and pretending everything is fine.
