<p>Reading 11</p>
<p>The idea that WWIII would be fought digitally has been constantly compared, and it appears to be coming true. The Cambrige Analytica debacle is something I couldn't fully understand because of how it's out there, at least until somebody comes down and describes it in more light I'm somewhat versed in technology, but it's always a new thing to think about because you're directly involved that the idea that this interconnected internet world is more interconnected than we expected and that we're all subconsciously manipulated to believe what someone else wants.</p>
<p>The easy thing to do with how big the internet is is to convince yourself that most of the things happening in the world don't affect you and that it's not your problem. "Everyone," however, is now using Facebook. Even if you don't have an account, because all your buddies are doing it, you still use it. Everything is tracked by one of the biggest tech companies of our day, and until now, when it really counts, we have had no idea how they use that information. The Cambridge Analytica scandal appears to have directly affected many of the major choices and decisions, including our 2016 election. That's bad, very bad.</p>
<p>I don't really know if society will ever change, we all have different influences and opinions, so it's almost impossible to conclude that we can all be satisfied with that. It would be a dream if we could try in the future to make something like an anti-racist society and another peaceful solution, but people don't know what to do, and we're starting to divide ourselves more and more with discourse narratives that we have in person and online! I would hope for an agreement in the future that we could all find, rather than scaled messages of hate and political diversity.Maybe as technology is becoming even more advanced and gathering our information, there could be a way to use it to support branch relations with each other.
</p>
