In the Big Think podcast, Jason Gots talks to Christopher Wylie, a programmer who worked with Cambridge Analytica before turning on them due to the scale of their wrongdoings. They come together to unravel the entire ordeal from A to Z, since most people know very little about the actual situation and how Cambridge Analytica and Facebook took advantage of our data and influenced our society.

Wylie talks about how Cambridge Analytica worked with Steve Bannon to start a movement. What they did was target outsiders and those on the fringe of society in order to get them to band together and help carry the alt right movement. With the data collected from social media platforms like Facebook, profiles were built for everyone and specific types of information were fed to people deemed most viable to be taken into the alt right movement. As people start consuming that information, they start growing paranoid and turning on what they deem to be “fake news.” It becomes harder for them to discern what is reality and what is fake. Things get muddled due to the amount of propaganda being marketed towards them. When this happens, those people grow increasingly isolated from the moderate majority of society and start moving more and more towards the extremist end of the right. These people then seek out others like them, and when those people connect it allows an organic alt right movement to form and grow.

This has caused America to grow increasingly divided and segregated. People are moving further and further away from the moderate center and moving towards extreme ends of left and right. This does not bode well for the future of the United States because when so many cannot get along, it is growing extremely difficult for us as a nation to agree on things and make choices that reflect the wants and needs of the majority of the country.

Technology is beginning to overtake its creators. Our domain, technology, is now controlling us, when it was once the over way around. Technology is now influencing every aspect of our lives - how we behave, how we function, what we believe, what we think, and more. This is a complete 180 from what technology was originally created for. Technology was originally meant to protect our democracy, freedom, and values, but we now see companies like Cambridge Analytica and Facebook using this technology to spurn those values and beliefs and putting everything we believe in at risk.

There needs to be more restrictions on technology and how our data is being used. We can continue to innovate, but it cannot continue to be a free for all. There needs to be actual rules and regulations by governments surrounding technology. Companies cannot continue to claim ignorance and try to cleanse their hands of responsibility when they are the ones who developed those technologies and utilized them in the worst possible ways. Otherwise we will continue to watch society tear each other apart and continue to crumble down. Like how Rome was not built in a day, society will not fall apart in a day either. Our society is slowly eroding over time, due to companies like Cambridge Analytica and Facebook using technology for malevolent reasons. If we don’t make changes soon, society will continue to head down a dark path.
