Due to the fact one of the art 104 groups is writing their paper on Facebook and the topic of security and Cambridge Analytical, I found this very interesting even more. It is great that it is topical, important, and that there is a lot discussed that is discussed in this podcast. The idea of segregation but cognitive segregation is something for lack of a better term, something for near mass hysteria but for single straight white men. Separate but equal might mean something else, to tech companies and will we have a supreme court case on our rights to have the same messages thrown at us all? Will there be no longer customized ads? 

The manipulation of the data used by Facebook was troubling to say the least, but the explanation was even more terrifying. The fact that this is similar to historical events of radicalism is not only paralleling but is repeating itself with multitudes more strength with globalization and social networks. There should be regulation to stop this spread. As the example, it is a horror movie come to life as the minds of people are manipulated on unprecedent scales. The fact that social media is a two-way street is good and bad. Yes, this makes it easier for people to spread and share ideas, but these people need to agree with each other. Not only that, people that are better at arguing have an upper hand. It seems the solution is to educate people in the skills debate and to spread a more positive ideal instead of a radical one. Probably not targeting the same demographic of the single straight white male, but everyone else. The straight white male might be radical, but we can have others learn how to combat this hatred with empathy and kindness. If you can empathize and understand where they are coming from maybe you can convince them to see your position in a better light and mass distribute this message. This change of society can change cultural beliefs, changing the tides of our ocean instead of turning them into mutant creatures. I agree that we must change culture but culture only changes with us.


On another note, the Internet of Things did scare me to some extend with privacy. It is somewhat a sacrifice for the better I ignorantly thought but this takes it to a whole new level. The metaphor of our possession being, entities themselves not possessions but possessed. It takes possession to possessions to relate to similar horrors. The demonic doll, the haunted bathroom, the evil smart house might all become something more real that fantasy and science fiction. What is stopping the AI from becoming radicalized as well? There is a lack of communication as we have to cooperate together to communicate, can we somehow communicate with our smart device more? Will we someday have rights for our smart toothbrushes and fridges like companies do today? What constitution the right to have rights? What might push people to protest in favor for the civil rights of AI?
