
This article heavily supports my group’s final article for the class. Facebook has dealt with numerous issues and scandals that involves data privacy and management. The issue involving Facebook and Cambridge Analytica is probably the most scandalous and followed, as it has spanned for years. It started from 2015, when it was reported by a journalist from The Guardian. This report was about the millions of Facebook users and their personal data being harvested without any of their consent. This huge problem is still being discussed until this year. It became very political, as Mark Zuckerberg had to testify in the U.S. Congress.

However, the podcast by Jason Got had a lot of detailed information about the scandal. One of my favorite statements that was shared is “If you want to make any change, change culture. If you create an enduring change in culture, politics will just flow from that.” I realized that social media, especially Facebook holds so much power to change the world. This might sound cheesy but millions of users spends a lot of effort and time on these platforms. The algorithms created and the various filters/ settings that are set by Facebook can alter someone’s mindset and perspective easily. Facebook can easily choose a specific audience or market at any location of the world, and blast various content that can manipulate and influence the audience. Propaganda and Radicalization are some of the effects that can stem from these platforms. I believe that this issue is very dangerous as people’s data is at high risk. The illegal data harvesting would give access to personal data, and can be a cause massive movements of influence and manipulation. 

Because of these issues, I wonder if Facebook should be controlled or be filtered by our own government. If our activities or data are being managed by the government, would our society have less problems in terms of privacy? What if Facebook was restricted from asking their users for their own data? Would Facebook gain the same rate of success if this happened? There are a lot of questions that comes into my mind because of this issue. I believe that people should be more aware of their own decisions or choices, in terms of the agreement policies that these platforms provide. However, it's impossible for users to have an agreement with the government, as users will demand for freedom of expression. This podcast provided a lot of insight about the similarities of these data issues to other social problems, which was highly engaging.
