Growing up with social media, I started to learn about how advertisements on social media could be targeted at me, and the things I could search up online could be collected as data and used by companies and other platforms, however, after listening to the podcast on Christopher Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower, I didn’t realize how much data and identity creation was being molded through the Internet and high-end companies. Similar to the previous videos and journals we read this semester, this podcast talks about the complexity of computers and hacker culture creating a psychological profile and identity for people. When I thought about data collection from social media, I would think about ads just targeting a certain person, but I never thought about it being used for political consulting! With websites like Facebook and Twitter having the AI engage on what watch or search, news feeds start to base themselves on that sort of activity. What starts to grow concerning is how this kind of algorithm can create a fake sort of agenda, making you believe in a variety of news that could turn out to be completely fake. This sort of media could create a replica of society, one that believes in the wrong concepts and ideas creating a different type of psychological society. This form of manipulation can be frightening to think about, especially those who are very patriarchal and passionate about politics and learning about how society is run. This kind of algorithm of advertising political agendas can also let people take advantage of others spreading false information. With American politics, the podcast perfectly describes it as full of “radicalized paranoid people who believe in a reality that doesn’t exist”. Day by day I see on social media people projecting the most obnoxious beliefs or supporting Donald Trump for the most ridiculous reasons that make you think what kind of mindset or reality are they really living in? We definitely act like we are in gated communities where instead of getting along and coming to an agreement, we all function differently as a society or country, and have different interpretations on how we should run this country. Seeing as how technology is becoming more advanced shows that outlets outside of social media and computers are targeting and getting to know your identity, and while it sounds silly when comparing it to ghosts and specters watching you, it’s scary to think about how much your identity is being recorded nowadays with several different technological tools. I really do not know if society is ever going to change, we all have different influences and opinions so it would be nearly impossible to come to a conclusion that we can all be satisfied with. It would be a dream if we could try to make something like an anti-racist society and other peaceful solution in the future, but people don’t know what to do, and with discourse narratives we have in person and online we begin to divide ourselves more and more! In the future, I would hope for an agreement we could all find, instead of scaled hate-messages and political diversity. Perhaps as technology gets even more and more advanced and collecting our data, there could be a way to use that to an advantage to help branch connections with one another.
