The Think Again podcast, is an interview about the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie. During the podcast, Wylie talks about the scandal and how it came to be. According to him, data was gathered from facebook to serve as a help to the electoral votes during the trump campaign. In doing so, users of the app were given propaganda through ‘fake news’ which ultimately swayed their opinions on the voting. This of course, became difficult for people to decipher the reality. 
I, like many, believed that the gathering of data was only used for advertising which doesn’t seem as bad compared to the reality of data mining. To me, finding out about how our data/ personal information is being used is quite frightful and unfair. We tend to lose our identity because we are being brainwashed to follow and believe things that are put in front of us. Social media was intended for communication between loved ones and networking to meet new people. This is the reason people get the app. It is disrespectful and just evil to manipulate people's data for political marketing, The algorithms described by Wylie are terrifying because people tend to have families and very personal information on facebook. These algorithms seek deep into people and their friends data as well. So, where is the privacy? There is none. I agree with Wylie in that “it is a full service propaganda machine”.
I think that the easy way of avoiding such unfortunate scandals, is to simply delete the app and prevent social involvement altogether. However, I know most people would decline to do that because social media and technology makes up much of what today is. We have grown accustomed to apps and essentially all modern technology. Additionally, users that already have made facebook accounts can not entirely ‘delete’ their data. It is a continuous cycle that has to stop. Perhaps the best option is to set some regulations in order to prevent companies from obtaining data. I really don't see how this would be achieved because with the Internet and technology, data is most likely be taken somehow. What has worked for me, is to simply post in a limited manner. I like to be active on facebook, but simply check out memes. I really don’t like to express my thoughts and opinions online because I know that a lot of people can’t take educated opinions in a nice way. I try to avoid liking posts that are about political status as well because there's a saying that if one wants to remain friends with someone else, they shouldn't talk about religion or politics. It is something that has worked for me. Nonetheless, social media is that platform that people gravitate toward to share their opinions and vent on social problems. This whole ordeal is considerably difficult to work with because we are currently stuck in an era that needs a lot of compromise and lacks  a lot of privacy. 

