Cambridge Analytica labeled itself as a public relations firm that specialized in “psychological warfare”. It harvested data of tens of millions of Facebook users, and then utilized that information in the Trump campaign to its advantage, targeting advertisements and information towards influenceable individuals. However, while this operation had a whistleblower, there are infinite other scandals in the world that exist like this one, lurking in the shadows of the internet. Much of the content we see is catered to us in an attempt to control some kind of decision we make, whether it be shopping or voting. 

Facebook itself is a huge proprietor of this issue. Ads on Facebook are notoriously suspect, as the company historically has used much of its user’s data to advertise to them without their knowledge. It was mysteriously easy for Cambridge Analytica to get their hands on this user data, and internal sources at Facebook claim that the security team is constantly fighting an uphill battle with those at the company looking to make money, which brings to question what kind of security is designed and controlled by the company in the first place. 

While data on our personal lives can be useful to us, companies only collect it to use for their own gain. Some AI features by google are really useful for my daily life - I like knowing how long my commute will take, or what kind of news there is in my interests, or being able to search my photos by their subjects. But I also have to question what else they’re doing with this data - simply by owning an android phone and having google maps installed, the company knows my commute, traveling habits, even the grocery stores and gas stations I visit the most. Through this information they can extrapolate even more about my life - what my job is, what my income is, living habits, and more. What are they doing with this information internally, and is it safe? Probably not. But this electric eye is nigh inescapable in our modern world.

