I think it’s a very interesting article and I would suggest many people to read it  because clearly we don’t have enough awareness about the “cognitive segregation” that is happening mentioned by Christopher Wylie. We seem like we know what’s happening in our society and know there’s segregation, but we barely know where it comes from and who actually manipulate us in the dark. It’s good for us to unwind the truth, and we can start from there.

Because I was not born here and I’m still learning everything that’s happening in this country, I did not know anything about Cambridge Analytica. So I researched it a little bit, learned how strong the company was and how it became “extreme” with its power on the internet, that it even made an impact on the presidential election. I first very admire Christopher Wylie’s courage to stand up against Cambridge Analytica, but then I also realized there’s so little that we can do. Cambridge Analytica is only one of the millions of things in the dark that’s manipulating us, the rest of them may never exposed to us. We became the victims and puppets of the internet age, Facebook, and literally everything else. Whenever something became popular of use on the internet, it will eventually use us. This is a tragic pattern and some of us are willing to jump into it, believing fake news, express polarized thoughts, and our society will become more segregated.

But being aware of all these is still better than not being aware at all. Being aware of this at least means we know we are being manipulated, so when will try harder to stop it from happening and make ourselves and other people more acceptable, being aware also means to not become malleable by the internet, we can establish stonger mentality and rationality towards internet and all the database instead of blind love, and from there we will make people more close to each other, close to the truth.
