Social media platform can affect a person’s personality. When they discussed about the blind date, I think it’s scary how people can be taken advantage of. I can see this happening right now on social media. Many people stalk others to become the “perfect” person in order to gain a motive such as lust or money. It’s also scary how whatever you put on the internet, it will stay there forever. Anyone can bring back those post you sent and can blackmail you in many ways. There’s also a point where we put so much information on the internet, that the audience knows about us more than we know ourselves. 
I agree how they said everyone thinks Facebook is one thing when in reality, it is another thing. What we post on Facebook will stay there forever. Those data are being sold around the world through advertisements or third party apps. None of your posts are deleted if you have deleted your Facebook account. Facebook is a free open platform because anyone can pretend and hide who they truly are. Some individuals post whatever they want on this platform. They think that no one will care. But once that person has received fame and all, those posts can come back up to affect their fame. 
On YouTube, there are many drama channels that discuss about the beauty community because there are many dramas going on. Those drama channels are getting hundred- thousand views or more and they make a profit from it. Those drama channels will post when a drama rises in the beauty community. This also shows how people are easily influenced on social media. After listening to one video from a beauty influencer, many people will believe that beauty influencer right away. But when another video comes out, the audience would quickly switch sides or they may just be confused about the whole situation. I think this becomes a mess because everyone wants to know what’s going on behind the scenes but they will never know what the truth is. Sometimes it makes me think why do people bring drama in the social media when it can be handled through in person. Does bringing drama mean more exposure or more profit? I feel like this answer is hard to say since many people think social media is where anyone can talk or vent about their problems. 
I try my best to avoid social media. I used to have Facebook back then but I have deleted my account back in 2015. This year, I also avoided using Snapchat and Instagram. After using these social medias for so long, I wonder, “Why am I looking through my feeds? Why do I start feeling negative after looking these feeds? Am I feeling jealousy? Shouldn’t I worry and focus on my own life instead of others on social media?” As a young adult now, I need to become a responsible person and start focusing on my life, family and friends around me, and my future. 
