<p>Reading 3</p>
<p>One of the most important aspects of the show were right at the beginning of the first season. The start of the episode was a speech calling for equality, but not between people, but between man and machine. It was a speech that had been longing for the change in culture to take over in some way. That, of course, contributed to the idea of a forest that provides for itself to be cared for or used in other respects. Advanced technologies such as blockchain are used to manage the forest as a whole and to protect it with money in a way that seems logical.</p>
<p>The idea of giving nature power over what we are doing with it seems very fascinating because we have never seen nature have its own agency as young Americans. So the notion that nature is capable of deciding what to offer and what to hold is eerie. My concern is that the scientists who seek to do this will create an AI of what they think society wants or needs, not of nature. Because all of a sudden, when people get into the picture, is driven by greed. People don't trust nature, or trust people who trust nature with finances and management, that's why we sink our hands to everything around us.</p>
<p>The third episode ends with an idea of power as well. During the Romanian revolution, there were soldiers in Romania who broke into a museum and stole a tank from that museum. It succeeded and by killing a few people it was able to make an impact on the fight. What this shows me is that in that old museum, people look at something and take it out of context from there and see it as something that it is not. A tank is not something that people would usually just look at and marvel at, it's a killing machine. But putting it in a museum makes it a piece of art, despite being able to blast out of a museum at any moment and be used in a revolution.
</p>
