In the Cybernetic Forest episode, James Bridle mentions how technology is supposed to help and connect society but has caused society to 
distance instead. I can see this happening now because technology now has been used for many malicious things. One of the things that is 
happening now is being able to track down technologies put inside cars. Many people have been breaking into cars to grab the technologies 
if they are turned on and the wifi is on. I feel like this is a horrible way to use technology and make the society afraid of it being 
turned against us. However, Bridle also mentions that technology should be used to create something beautiful and artistic that can help 
the society connect with technology. One technology that is doing this is the smart portable voice translator. This device allows a person 
to speak and the device translate into another language for the other person to hear. This is a way to break the language barrier and I 
think this technology is used in a beautiful way to unite the society with the technology. Like Bridle said, we can craft new technologies 
to see the different world. 

In the Digital Justice episode, Bridle discusses how technology is seen as a subject. I learned that technology algorithm can be unfair 
due to the racist and sexist coding in the technology. When I heard about the jail system was very biased against the colored population, 
I thought that was very horrible for that to happen. The system should be unbiased and be fair for everyone. Amazon company is interesting 
to build a system to hire the people. Learning about the cut of hiring woman was something new, something I haven’t learned before. I 
thought it was interesting how the hiring system started to learn and use that knowledge when accepting applicants.I like the groups now 
are trying to engage in a new algorithm by having people of colors to code out the algorithms. Technology should be fair to everyone. 

In the Machine Visions episode, technology has changed the view of images. Machine effects on how we see. Images what they see and what 
they represent are different. The more images we see, the less we know. Machines can now makes images too and also view images. It’s 
interesting how devices can now understand what images mean. Images can be posted online and it’s hard to take those images down. This 
is something my mother has always told me when I was young. Machines are searching through our identity and trying to find images of us. 
We are always being watched by machines everyday and every time. This is something that scares me since there will be no privacy. I feel 
like my laptop and my cellphone is also watching my every movement on the internet.  

In the Invisible Networks episode, Internet, we can’t see it and we can’t touch it. Internet is invisible and will always be a mystery to 
me. It’s interesting how only a few people understand the code behind the internet. I think it’s interesting how Bridle mentions how we 
can change the view of the internet and allow the world to see it. The form of the internet will always be a mystery for society and 
something that will be hard to accept. I like the idea of the artists planning to change the view of the internet for the audience and 
hope that the view of the internet will become better. 
