After reading Julian Bleecker’s 2007 Design Fiction, I became highly interested in the term that was used the most--- Design Fiction. Design Fiction is the combined efforts of science fact, design and fiction. It is a mixture of these critical concepts created using several or more creative processes. The traditional practices that intertwines science fact and fiction are also involved in the process of Design Fiction. People design new creations for the betterment of lives. Whether these creations play a bigger or smaller impact, it has altered the world we live in. Through new discoveries in science, our society has evolved rapidly in the different fields of technology. It has paved ways to different innovations and technological advancements like electric cars, smartphones and artificial intelligence. Companies like Tesla, Apple and Google are thriving because of these newly discovered ways of technology. I believe this is where Design Fiction comes in-- without the colorful imagination of our designers, our society would not gain any access to these kind of advancements. 

The usage of imagination was repeatedly mentioned in the essay. Imagination plays a huge part in science fact and fiction. Human beings encounter different problems everyday. Problems come up in the fields of communication, transportation and security. People then come up with different creative solutions to these problems. The problems that people encounter are growing differently due to the continuous lifestyle change. Designers work with their own imagination with the help of concepts involving science fact and fiction. They gather examples from these concepts-- gathering the impossible ideas that science fiction offers and the feasible solutions that science facts hold. 

Design Fiction is the middle ground, where concepts are being tried and tested. “Design fiction creates socialized objects that tell stories — things that participate in the creative process by encouraging the human imagination.” (Bleecker, 7). The essay conveys different ideologies that are involved in science and design. This quote by Julian Bleeker helped me understand what he was trying to convey--- that design fiction is the final product story, created by connected thoughts with the effort to solve an issue or a problem. Design fiction is the exploration of one’s creative process or method. When Bleeker mentioned exploration, I quickly imagined the ways that a designer undergoes whenever they brainstorm for a project. It’s always an adventure to look for new and exciting ways on how to design a product or a machine.

After reading the whole essay, I thought about some examples that are created in the present time that deals with science fiction, fact and design. A major example would be the self-lacing shoes that was publicized and created by Nike. This creation was probably thought about during the 80s-90s. A lot of science fiction ideas were created around this era. It is very visible through the television shows and movies that were released throughout that time. Movies like Back to The Future and Jurassic Park were a big hit-- media that was centered in science fiction themes. These movies tackled the future issues that the society might face. Now, the issues that were made up before didn’t really seem to happen. As society evolves, we human beings realize what we are capable of. We realize that our problems have changed, adapting into what our environment has turned into. 
