This article features a lot about self identity and how representations of ourselves can vary between the medium. There is a lot of communication differences between how we speak now and what it was like before a hundred years ago. No one probably ever thought of having the ability to talk with someone across the world. But it is that feature that has evolved into a person that may or may not have that social skill for in person activity, but creates a new character of themself in the digital space.

Social media is definitely a space where most people resonate and associate themselves with. It is how we present ourselves and connect to the world. Sometimes that “representation” is skewed and becomes more like a MMORPG instead. Instead of being who we say we are, sometimes we become people who we want to be, either positively or negatively.

The format of this article was interesting as you have it split into columns. As you scroll, it does not scroll proportionally, as if it is forcing you to read a specific section before moving on. The left side of the article talks a lot about the Internet as a powerful machine that drains the life out of us. We also openly submit public or private information into the web that someone with even high power could access it as well. The spread of knowledge travels drastically and can be easily discovered as well once it is on the internet. The theme of it plays as if we are constantly trying to find information and enhance the way we communicate. The right side of the article discuss the Internet as a tool with a lot of custom actions that we control. However, deep dive into that tool and we could lose ourselves into the digital persona we create. It is that though where we have to find a fine balance on how much we depend on using this tool before we break ourselves.

All of this definitely applies well in 2019. Facebook groups have really dominated the social media feed and the rising popularity of this group called “subtle asian traits”. It is literally only a group of majority asians that post memes of asian traits commonly found in their household and shares it with a bunch of other people that can relate to that. Through that group, it has evolved to create a new group called “subtle asian dating” where it connects people all over the world to build a relationship which definitely has moved on the “cheap” perspective of an internet relationship to a “SAD Success Story”.
