The article Identify Yourself by Krystal South is displayed on a website that offers an unusual layout. The two columns are meant to be identifying two different ideas, but address similar points, which is why the columns scroll almost individually but as a pair. Personally, it confused me at first because I was not sure if I should read the entire left side first and move on the right side.  I actually read about 2 sections on the left and then 2 section on the right and that’s when I realized that the two sides are addressing similar arguments. This article’s unique function breaks the norm and encourages the human mind to figure out the “puzzle” that is the website; which means encourages the reader to actually read it deeply. <br><br>
I started becoming familiar with the internet when I was in fourth grade and we were introduced to computer class. Prior to this class, we had a computer at home, but we had no internet. Today is different, because I don’t have to look for the internet, the internet is always (almost) at my fingertips, as long as I pay my bills. Humans are an animal that live in families, we have an internal instinct to be a part of a bigger group, to fit in. This instinct has not changed, and even those who consider themselves “loners” are affected by this need to be a part of a group. People who love video games and prefer to stay home and play, rather than physically meet people, are involuntarily still placing themselves in a group; a group of people who just like them are gamers. Now they have somewhere they fit in, without physically fitting in, they have found their identity. <br><br>
Krystal South argues that the generation which grew up with the internet have one of two feelings toward it; you cannot separate yourself from the internet (left side) or you have accepted the internet as part of you and your body (right side). On the left side, we humans seek on improving our human abilities from technology. While on the right side, we use technology to keep as the first source to help up be. The example I am referring to is  THE SYSTEM (left side) and THE ARTIFACT (right side). The System we use our digital tech to help up organize our lives; on the other hand, The Artifact, we use our smartphones to capture a moment you wish to remember but are not fully experiencing because you are focused on your phone capturing it well. <br><br>
In conclusion, Krystal South’s interpretation of virtual identity makes a lot of sense in today's tech savvy world.  We all seek to find our identity, to be a part of a group who you identify with. I know people who have used Facebook to join a “Mommy and Me” groups, people with golden retrievers group. Then of course there are people who seek more than fun from a group; people who are looking for others who have gone to a similar hardship and wish to talk about their feelings. There are literally thousands of groups you can join on Facebook and if finding your identity via online is what will help you feel more human, then let’s go for that.
