This was the first reading in the series that I rely resonated with and could already attribute it to personal moments in my life. The formatting was interesting enough that made me read it a few times to check if there was another meaning to the text besides reading it traditionally left to right, top to bottom. I challenged the text to break conventions by reading the columns offset from left to right after which I switched to the next paragraph on the same column on the right side then read that left to right. Because of the formatting I found out that the paragraphs done line up so well and my journey ended. Although this was because of how the text was formatted that made me look deeper into the text to find another meaning, pass or fail it was as interesting experiment. Where the text captured my attention was in two parts where the virtual self or Alts are mentioned and later in the same column, where the text began to speak to our technological dominance and link it to our sexual desires. <br>
<br>“Facebook has rapidly cemented the concept of the persona in the public realm. Alternate identities, or 'alts,' serve a function for users to achieve a goal otherwise unattainable through their true identity.” As an avid user of the internet and a person who is curious about the vales, we put up in front of ourselves I see these alts or avatars as they are called now as another way to live the life you want. Online ambiguity is something that as of late has been questioned in most forms of entertainment, such as shows like Catfish and Guess the singer. These use the online community to disguise themselves to be another person in a way that can be seen as sociopathic. Usually you see that person hiding behind a personal for days or years at a time where when they are found out they are rarely like the profile they created. This new person makes them into the person they want to be; the pinnacle of themselves. In a larger spectrum they see themselves as the perfect form of their internet avatar and it skews the mess they are making and the relationships they are destroying in the real world. This feeds into their needs to be love wanted and sexually desired in a way that is self-destructive. Not to say all personas are negative like the before mentioned, in some standards it is needed as a safety barrier or buffer from an unforgiving community. In the videogame aspect of avatars, you on a daily are connecting with hundreds of users in the same game where all interactions may not be as good as the next. Having that wall between you and them is a must, and even though some use it as a way to create digital chaos others see it and have made a name for themselves bigger than their birth given names. In those instances, the Avatar has become larger and more impactful than the person who have created them and are using them. It brings about a interesting point about how we navigate the digital space and the question of who we can be in it. 

