<p>

The emergence of computers has brought tremendous impact to the world, and our lives have been greatly affected.to think carefully it has its good effects and the bad ones as well. People have given the computer a unique language that allows him to communicate with us like another "person." For example, it can solve our problems and help us improve the efficiency of doing things. The article said that the computer has no ability to identify, and humans do have it. This is why human beings can be called “human beings”. This is actually very fearful to think about it. Our first reaction was that computers were much dumber than humans because they could not distinguish between the right thing and the wrong thing. I have seen such a news before. I don't really remember which company or which person, but the news said that there are two artificial intelligences that were invented. One day, suddenly, they act really strange because they speak a kind of language that human or the inventors does not understand. Two artificial intelligences that are endowed by humans, speak in their own language in a language that the creators don't understand. Think about it, they don't have human cognition of right and wrong, so in this situation, anything that’s terrible or good may be the next step in the future. As human beings, we are emotional and understand how the world's objects work. Most of the things we know can be found on the Internet. However, artificial intelligence, this Internet-related thing, will they also have the same learning ability?
When people are blindly pursuing better things, then the risks and benefits of this thing are equally large.
This article also talks about the ubiquity of mobile phones which impressed me a lot. The smartphone makes human life based on owning it, which means we get pretty addicted to it. We couldn’t get rid of those red spots that appear on the upright corner of applications, and we also couldn’t ignore the notification everytime it pops up on your phone.
</p>
