The articles given on the website relate to the theme of modern society and technology. I started off by reading the left side first which was titled “identify”. The reading broke down how we became addicted and changed through computer processes such as sorting files. Everything from the self to the brand gave me insight on how intake of information forms our thoughts and taste. The space of people that have special interests sharing pictures in group forums was interesting to me because people can indirectly use your photos for a completely different purpose other than commercial and business. When reading the right side, I had noticed that the scrolling effect was slightly different from the left side. Reading about ways of how digital interfaces take away from the real experience was not something new for me but was insightful to see the different examples. It made me think about my own early internet presence and all the lost passwords and accounts to numerous websites. This section gave different examples of how the internet made us feel more connected and complete, okay with isolation. Both sections relate to the internet and what it does for us and to us, in different views. 

The reading covers a lot of things but its discussions about identity and gratification go hand in hand to perpetuate feelings that make us care about engaging in this space. Facebook, Instagram, Video Games all create an anonymous avatar environment in which we get to explore the mysterious of network connections and its potential. Given a framework that is so easy for anyone to use, it is more or less about navigating the scape of our world interests and freedom called the internet that creates a never ending desire to stay in this world. But this dependency can exist in other places such as work life, and the need to stay up to date or onto of tasks. 

Krystal South breakdown internet life and peoples lives to compare and contrast similarities of how these mediums keep craving our imaginations. On the internet, we can escape and disconnect from the real, tending to care for whatever we want to online. With our content being so easy to copy and manipulate, anyone can be us and we can be anybody. The internet provides a easy and convent way for anyone to escape reality on a daily basis.
