The format of the article didn’t seem out of place until I started scrolling. There are no page breaks, neither side of the article scroll the same way, and the article can be read in multiple ways. The text beneath the “Yourself” column represents the author’s personal experiences with technology while the other represents a collection of relationships between technology and identity throughout. I read the article side by side, switching from left and right, rather than reading an entire column then switching to the other. I found that reading the article this way provided me direct relationships between the two columns. For example, I was reading about personas, in the left column, and how it is a part of the public presence rather than the inward self; the right column provided a direct correlation in a personal account; South spoke about her online presence as well as others and how their online presence matched their physical self. Being able to correlate general and personal information side by side was helpful in communicating the differences or building on top of the other a wider interpretation of a subject. 

I think this is a fitting format for the article in the way that it showcases the duality or at least the different perspectives of the same matter. I was always under the impression that merging the human body and technology meant physically attaching and/or incorporating technology into our bodies. In some ways this is true. The text under “Yourself” gives the idea that we have already merged with technology physically and mentally. Through the use of computers we are able to store information that would otherwise be a burden to carry in our brains such as the thousands of pictures we carry on our phones. Through technology we can provide a quick glimpse or an information dump of everything that defines the individual person. We can project everything about ourselves from our names, likes, habits, and much more onto viewers through a social platform. What defines us as an individual are the boxes that ask of our preferences. Are you male or female, what is your favorite color? Favorite book? Movie? Think Facebook. Despite this being the online presence of a person it is as much a part of reality as to seeing a person’s resume. Technology defines the individual in accordance to the user’s memories, physicality, mindset, and interests. We are labeled, organized, shared, and seen by technology simply as information like anything else inputted into a computer. What sets one person apart from the other are their unique presence in technology. That is, again, their memories, physicality,  etc. and also the websites they visit, what is advertised to the user, and information we’d rather keep private. 

In the right column, South speaks about system search and how you get only what you put in. For South researching for new ideas or projects rarely ended in zero results. When it did it was simply a matter of language by forming the right words one would get the results they are looking for. I find this relatable. Some searches I’ve done ended with zero results in Google. Often times, rewording my searches would give me results. Sometimes, a different search engine works better at providing accurate results. 
