I really enjoyed this reading; I found myself being able to relate to a lot of the content that she was explaining and believe that she accurately talks about online identity, especially the whole "...but it sure is easier to speak from behind the mask of the Internet." During my teens I would use the computer a lot to play games and talk to strangers, and it felt very easy to do so because no one knew what I really looked like or what my background was. It gave me confidence that I would never have in real life to engage with people who probably also felt the same confidence with the veil of the Internet covering them. Also, the ability to portray yourself however you wanted boosted that confidence. If I want my video game profile to be represented as an image of a sad detective pikachu next to the username "grilled.pikachu" then so be it. That's the beauty of being able to project an online persona, but it's also a pitfall. Very frequently I have noticed usernames that are usually a string of negative racial epithets and I can't help but wonder what type of person they are in real life. The anonymity gives them the power to act with contemptible behavior and it reminds me why people should fight for positive freedom from the Xenofeminist manifesto.

"We feel phantom vibrations in our pockets or as we drift off to sleep at night." Even though I keep my phone on silent because of the barrage of sales calls I'll get during the day, I still find myself checking out my phone frequently for any missed notifications. There's a desire in me to stay connected with my friends and a fear of missing out or being left behind. I understand South when she says, "we are afraid that we won’t know when someone is trying to reach us. We are disconnected." I know the feeling of losing friendships because of a continuous lack of contact. I try to check in on my friends every few days when our conversations stop because of that fear of losing them.

More recently I've seen Japan making use of robots to generate more social interactions. I had once seen a video on a robot called OriHime going on a date with a female reporter and the robot was being controlled by a disabled person who was paralyzed and couldn't leave their home. The guy who was operating the robot said that he liked OriHime because it made him feel "cute and small." A bit earlier when I was trying to google the name of this little robot, I came across a few articles that detailed how robots were being used in speed dating for people who were socially awkward or were uncomfortable with talking about themselves. I also saw an article about Toyota's Kirobo Mini robot and how it was "designed as a synthetic baby companion in Japan, where plummeting birth rates have left many women childless." I thought it was interesting how these people would identify themselves as "parents" for a robot that was filling the role of a child or how they were creating an identity for a child they never actually had.
