<p>Reading 7</p>
<p>Krystal South's essay "Identify Yourself" fits well in the subjects we've been thinking about the readings, as we've been exploring this semester so far. As in the first reading, it was about how people used to show their wealth status by having paintings of their stuff or a portrait with a lot of items in the background. Today people are still trying to show off their wealth by posting pictures online like in twitter or other media to equate it with this new reading. Most of the reading is about how technology and time have changed new ways of getting us to see different ways of seeing the world and new ways of socializing. Okay, this article is something that I can relate to because I spend a lot of time on the internet socializing and doing my job. The digital age is making us really technologically reliable today. This technology also helps us to find groups with the same interest in things. Many people are sociable and want to be around people who share the same views and interests, and technology has made finding people like that much easier. Ironically, this has shaped us to be more addicted to the online world because we're spending a lot of time with our devices.
</p>
<p>I like how there are two different columns on the website, each focusing on the tittle above the text. As in "Identify," the text is more about the subject matter and how it affects people, and the text is about personal experiences with "Yourself." This gives the same subject two viewpoints. The article is accurate in the online socialization of people and how their identity is. Like chat rooms with VR now. One can walk in the first person and talk to people already created with avatars or even masks, but the idea is that one can go anonymous and communicate with others. This provides a new socializing perspective. The article was really interesting to see the view of somebody else.</p>
