The article of “Identify Yourself,” by Krystal South fits well in the topics we have talked of the readings, as we have kept covering thus far in this semester. Like in the first reading was about how in the old days people used to showed by their status of wealth by having paintings of their stuff or as well a portrait with a lot of items in the background. Now to compare it with this new reading, people still try to show off their wealth by posting pictures online like in facebook or other medias. Most of the reading is about how technology and time has change new ways to make us see different ways to see the world as well new ways to socialize. 
Well this article is something I can related to it because I do spend a lot of time on the computer to socialize as well to do my work. This digital age makes us really reliable to technology now. Also, this technology helps us find groups that have the same interest in things. Most people are sociable and wants to be around people with the same views and hobbies to share with and technology made it a lot easier to find people like that. Sadly, this have defined us to be more addictive to the online world, as, we spend a lot of time in our electronics. 
I like how the website has two different columns and each focus on the tittle on top of the text. Like in “Identify,” the text is more about the subject and how it effects people and with “Yourself,” the text is about personal experiences. It gives two perspectives of the same topic.
The article is accurate in how people socialize and how are their identity online. Like now with VR chat rooms. One can walk around in first person and talk to people with avatars already made or even costume, but the point is that one can go anonymous and interact with other people. This gives a new experience in socializing. Also, I have experience socializing with MMORPGS. In my guild nobody knew my real name or even knew others players name, but we all were called by our username in the game. And it was nice, it felt natural in a way. The article was really interesting to see someone’s else view.
