The article “Identify Yourself” fits into the thread of topics we have covered so far in the semester in that it digs into the issue of technology and how we interact with it and how it affects our lives. I found the entire thing - from the look of website to the presentation of the text to the image choices - highly intriguing.

Krystal South highlights many key points concerning how we view utilize the Internet and how it utilizes us. One thing that really stood out to me was the assertion that the Internet is real life. She argues that yes, the Internet is as real as reality is, even though it is contained in devices and behind screens. The communities we frequent, the bonds we forge, the actions we make, they are all real things that we are participating in. This is a far cry from the belief that the Internet isn’t real. Oftentimes, what I find is that people believe they can separate the Internet from their reality. It is seen as something different, like an alternate universe of sorts, but it really isn’t.

People may think that they are far removed from the Internet, but the mere act of engaging with it means one lives a portion of reality online. The most common examples of this would social media accounts - our lives are linked to things like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc. Furthermore, things like online lingo, memes, social trends, and more have come into being because of how closely intertwined we are with the Internet. These things didn’t come out of nowhere - we humans made them. We put part of ourselves onto the Internet, and all those parts came together to form what we collectively know now as a part of online culture. Because of how much of ourselves we pour into the Internet, we have allowed a part of ourselves to be given over to it. The deeper we get into the Internet, the deeper we allow its claws to sink into us.

The debate about whether or not the Internet is a part of our reality is a topic that I have actually pondered and discussed quite often. I actually met one of my very best friends through the Internet, and I consider our friendship as real as any other friendship that I have with people that I met face to face. Because of this experience, I find myself wholeheartedly agreeing with Krystal South and everything she has to say about the Internet being a part of our reality. As technology advances and we follow along with it, we will see how humanity advanes alongside it. We will continue to be shaped by it. We will continue to mold our lives around. Lastly, we will continue to be it.

Overall, I think South did a good job of explaining what life on the Internet is like in 2019. It is an all encompassing article that thoroughly goes through many subgenres and subcultures that have formed over the years due to technology.
