This article was very hard for me to read, as it was displayed in a non-traditional layout and kept jumping. I thought the layout was interesting still. It was much more manageable to read in chunks but still daunting having to scroll through the long website to read it. This article covered many examples of technology and how they are being used to help or harm humanity. The article covered topics like privacy and online personas similar to reading prior to this. I was surprised that the entire article was written by one person, Krystal South as each section could have been a separate artist talking or glimpse into what other artist are doing. Identity on the internet can be masked and distorted due to the structures that the internet has been built on. The section of the article talking about how we are profiles linked by connects and information on Facebook is true. I know that doxing is a thing people do but it is scary to come out and say it so. Despite my statement prior of being just a bunch of connections and personal information to Facebook there are games like second life and sims that challenge that. With the internet people can live a separate life from their own real life, can have the line as blurred or disassociated as they want online. There are also different rules that govern the internet, something that is socially acceptable in one part of the internet can be used against you in real life or on another part of the internet. The aspect of anonymity is also important to cover. As South explains, she can be Krystal South or KSOUTH or any number of personas that she can create. The internet requires us to define ourselves it is just a matter of how we want to define ourselves online. 
	On the structure of the layout, the two columns are linked together, talking about the same topic but using different stories to illustrate different sides of the same argument or a similar one. The circle icons in the middle are also interesting adding a visual spice to the article that a reader can hover over to see more. The choice of images in the columns are also eye catching being flashy or absurd. The article also covers how people express and explore their sexuality, there people can cope with their loneliness and obtain relationships, but their relationships are online only. South brings up the question of “What happens when the power runs out, when we get disconnected” is the relationship still real? Can it exist outside of this visual space? 
	Overall the article makes connections that are relevant and current but not every user of the internet things about. There are some more glaring issues like our posture and how much movement we are actually doing and is the internet restricting that? I think the illustration of the evolution of man from monkey to computer user is funny to help show this off. I wish that this article addressed how people are trying to correct these issues as well.
