The article, IDYRSLF, written by Krystal South made me realize how technology has insanely impacted our lives, mainly the society’s present way of living. Technology, through the magic of the internet has immensely altered our minds. The article tackles different factors of how it has changed our own identities-- from our public persona, variable identities and brands. These factors have been intricately woven in with the help of the internet, constantly affecting how we see ourselves, our actions, decisions and emotions.

The left part of the article, which mainly discusses how the digital age has taken over our lives left a lot of questions in my head. After reading this quote, ”These digital networks have not only transformed our societal structure, they have also re-shaped our internal selves”, I immediately realized my usage of these technological advancements in my daily life. 

I often discuss with my peers the advantages of technology, mainly the internet and how it has clearly paved the way for better communication. I often praise new versions of devices, such as the new iPhone 11, and other kinds of devices like laptops, smart vehicles and even the Roomba. But this quote, reminded me that these devices and machines are created to help our lives. These were created to make our lives more convenient and comfortable. But as these machines are evolving, our integration and connection with it got more powerful. We became attached to technology-- especially the internet. I realized that I have been checking my phone like my social media apps every single morning. I would often catch myself looking at my phone while walking to class, or even at the streets. I have been to a lot of concerts, and mainly the people who buys the front row seats are always on their phones. Like what Peter Sunde said, “We do not like the expression ‘IRL.’ We say ‘Away From Keyboard.’ We think that the Internet is real.”, I totally agree with this statement and how it clearly describes our current situation.
