This was quite an interesting read learning about how the human identify can be shaped, transformed, or projected to throughout the devices we have and the online tools such as the Internet. Krystal South talks about how we replicate our own identities through the medium of social media or other devices, I feel like this topic fits in through the readings we’ve done such as John Berger/James Bridle’s Ways of Seeing, where they talk about the identity of a painting and how people who owned such paintings establish the kind of relationship and characteristic they have relating to the type of painting they had. Also, in episode 2 of James Bridle’s New Ways of Seeing, technology played a role in identified the female doctor who wasn’t allowed into the women’s locker room on the assumption they were a man because they had doctor in their name. There are a variety of ways our own identities can be projected through technology, our political viewpoints, our interests, our personal information, our own knowledge, and so much more. This topic can relate to the reading we did from the previous week about xenofeminism, where the author of the manifesto discussed using technology to play a key important role in the pursue of identifying people and giving everyone an equal, fair position in life. In our world post internet, technological outsets such as social media help define us as individuals, the things we say, the people we converse with, the activity we share, all these things give people a staple definition on what kind of person we make ourselves out to be, and while these could be “alternate personas”, they setup a base idea regardless. Reading through the left column of this article talked about computers and technology being too powerful, where mobile devices and other machinery were storing our information onto the infoverse. With all this information stored online, we find a way of communication, and a search of knowledge. It talked about the Internet being an airport, a mirror, putting forth everything we had and enhancing our communication and language. It also talked about how we try to seek attention and information and can often sense a theme of disconnection. The right side of the article mentioned how the Internet was a source outlet we had to adjust to, but when we got ahold of it we devoured the information it had, information that was stacked that we could harness, edit, manipulate into our own creations. Additionally, with all the information harnessed on the Internet, one could get lost there and lose connection to their virtual self, with all the power the technology has, there is a state where someone depends and uses it so much, they achieve a sense of loneliness. I feel like the topics discussed here still apply to 2019, for example, on the right side of the article there was a discussion about internet relationships, where the person knew another off the “Internet”, but that person also had met the other in real life, and established a long time friendship with them. I have made a lot of friends as time went by on social media, still talking to a lot of them on Discord and Twitter, and while an Internet friendship sounds “cheap”, I’ve known the identities of these people for a long time, and have even met them several times in person, and plan to meet them even more.

