It is interesting to think about how we exist online. The image with text over it, the guy implying the internet isn't "real," it kind of makes me angry because it's such a shallow, ignorant, condescending thing to say, as though the people you interact with, the experiences that you have, the insights you gain are all fictional. I'm glad that the article doesn't really adopt this viewpoint. These little images pop up throughout the essay in what seems sort of what might be a mocking way. 

I agree with the idea that the internet is just part of the people who are part of it. It's kind of tough to get my head around well enough to articulate it in text, but I think I get the essence of it. The endless well of information, the customizable nature of the internet, the evolution of humans through technology are all really nice ideas too. It also points out the ways in which we lose the ability to do some things as well, like describing a scene without a photo guide. I'm not sure if I believe that. Maybe we have a selective memory of great orators, but I don't really recall my parents or grandparents ever be particularly vivid in their descriptions. 

I appreciate that the author added the bit about the online group of artists as an illustration that the people we meet online are real people with real personalities. I think years and years of stigma about people on the internet as being something less than real has contributed someone to the hostile, toxic environment that's spread across most of the internet. Maybe anyway, or maybe it's just the same cause for both. I've met several people in person that I've met online, and I feel the same experience. I've always struggled with people and have been awkward with social situations, even before the internet was common in households where I grew up. The internet has been a way for me to form connections and be comfortable with people in advance, which mitigates quite a lot of the anxiety that I can't shake with "IRL" acquaintances. I feel like the me that isn't buried under all the fear and insecurity is more real, I guess, so I get a little offended when people paint online experiences and people with too broad, and often too negative, a brush. 

That said, I do also agree with the privacy concerns and the amount of data that is collected and passed around everytime you visit a site or check a box under a EULA. Even when you voluntarily post content, that content essentially becomes appropriable by everyone else on the internet to use for purposes that you may or may not approve, and there's very little you can do about it if that happens. 

Something else the author mentions is the loss of proper human emotion through chat. I think this is a really interesting topic because of the way that emotions are conveyed through speech in people that are really involved. Capitalizing certain words or purposefully misspelling something or using wrong grammar, not using proper punctuation or spacing are all ways that a specific emotion can be conveyed through a text chat, without even addressing emotes or memes. I don't think it's better or worse, just different, and really interesting to think about why certain, little text alterations can have those sorts of implications. 
