

IDYRSLF by Krystal South, describes many ways that the internet has projected the wholesome concept of Identity. Furthermore, as the writer describes, “ Identity is a word now used loosely as a synonym for brand”. She points it out when she discusses about how social media use people to market for them. This is allowed to occur because of the vast amount of private information that we as users put out there. Such example is seen on many platforms like facebook- so, how is identity established within the form- fields of them? Our very own perspective and identity is determined by the very own information. I agree with what she says “Our connections are tagged and bound to our profiles. These digital networks have not only transformed our societal structure, they have also re-shaped our internal selves”. 
Without a doubt, the internet/ web doe control us because we depend on it on a daily basis. Like mentioned in the reading, we have grown increasingly reliant to an extreme to which in a sense our bodies have learned to correspond to certain alerts or messages. In a sense it has become a part of our bodies. She explains that “We are always connected, always anticipating for the next piece of feedback or notification that brings us back into the loop of our virtual selves”.
While reading the article, I did a lot of  interesting topics that we have covered in class thus far. For instance, the topic on Artificial Intelligence. She goes further into discussing that while AI is possible and well established, “we should never allow computers to make important decisions because computers will always lack human qualities such as compassion and wisdom”. This reminded me of the conversation we had in class about bias in technology. Computers only follow algorithms or set of instructions that can be manipulated. They can’t distinguish what constitutes as fair or accurate in truth. Also, the topic that describing the network embedded on us, reminded me of the conversation of the media only allowing us to see what they want. The information put on Google or any search engine is limited- “At its core function, the internet is a tool for the communication of information, whether factual or fictional”. Much of what we see is essentially what is given to us so it's best if we don’t believe everything we see. Lastly, I find that Krystal South accurately talks about online identity in 2019 because she accurately corresponds to major topics that we currently see and genuinely have experienced. I really liked that she put herself as examples when describing her points. I didn't find much difference between the right and left columns other that creating the separation made the reading less impactful and rather more engaging. All sections relate to each other in the fact that they keep consisted in describing how technology has grown engraved in us. It impacts us all in very similar ways and to best deal with it is to embrace it without losing ourselves. 



 

