In the article, “Identify Yourself” by Kystal South shares her IRL personal experiences which has been entwined with the internet and technology. She uses her personal experiences of the internet and technology on how it has shaped her identity.  When scrolling down the article page, the left column talks about technology and with the right column talks about her personal experiences and insights. In a way, controls how I was viewing the information that was on the screen.

A way that identity is projected with technology is through video games. For example, she talks about how video games are life simulators that also allow players to express themselves through endless customization and manipulation of virtual spaces. In real life, she resorted to video games to free ourselves from the stresses of reality. She also adds that the way video games are built with choices/consequences and is also entwined our relationship with the internet. As a result, we are also trying to escape on the internet to have some kind of control in our life. The way we project ourselves through technology is through online chat rooms. We can identify on their avatar, username, and decide whether to share discreet information or leaving out information that users don’t know about. It's also the language, slang, and shorthand that is integrated into communicating online that connects people together. We are always connected to technology based on the way its built. The way it’s built to be slimmer, light-weight, faster, longer battery life etc. is so that we can always find ourselves connected to it. The invention of pop sockets and accessories to grip your hands longer to the device illustrates that as well.

Looking back to our previous readings, John Berger’s Ways of Seeing, he mentions how replications of print of traditional paintings and video has changed the meaning of paintings. It’s the same as the internet when Krystal has pointed out the use of Tumblr’s reblogging posts. The meaning becomes lost, and new meaning is created as other people reblog the content. It’s also searching for someone's name on the internet and digging up information about them. Their online persona may not be like IRL, but tells something about themselves. Katy accurately shows online identity in 2019 because of her personal stories that others and I can relate to. I definitely do feel like identities can be projected into technology because of distance and the lack of physical presence. Even streaming, seeing an actual person game is still an act of performance so it can be a form of a facade, a different identity in front of the cameras. This brings up the issue of authenticity and how we use the technology to identify ourselves.
