“IDYRSELF” is a look into how we choose to interface with the internet, and how it allows us to interact with strangers with a level of intimacy far beyond what has been seen before. One column voices concerns and information about the online community at large, and some of the issues that plague it, while the other has the author speaking directly about their own experiences. Many of the topics in this article resonated personally with me, as they are things I have been a part of or have experienced in my internet life. 

The personalization of file organization in digital folders is an interesting topic to bring up. It has almost become a meme that artists tend to name most of their files nonsense titles, such as “kjsahdkjahs.psd”, and I am no exception here. This strange tendency stems, at least for me, from a lack of thinking on what to actually name the file, so I often just type out some nonsensical phrase to identify it by. While I could pick some of them out depending on the starting letter or letters, it would be difficult for an outside observer to do so. 

As I’ve grown up, my social media spheres have shifted, but I began (as many people my age did) as a forum community poster. I’d join pokemon forums and neopets boards to talk about my favorite virtual pets. This is a sort of “persona” or “brand”, as these were centers for lots of people to come together and talk about their shared interests. You could even organize virtual pet trading with people you have never met, a concept that was amazing and foreign to me at the time.

Now, I mostly use twitter for social media, occasionally checking tumblr as well - a relic from my high school days. Again, as the article states, I often used tumblr for posting and viewing the artworks of others, and I still view it as one of the better platforms for such a theme - it’s easy to collect and curate your own gallery of art - your own as well as that of others. Through this platform, artists are able to communicate through an exchanging of ideas. I also personally think systems such as this are superior for artist communication than sites like DeviantArt, which function better as portfolio or showcase collections. 

I’ve also played a lot of MMOs in my time, starting with an obscure french turn-based one called “Wakfu”, then later expanding into more popular games such as World of Warcraft and FFXIV. FFXIV in particular has seen a lot of playtime from me, and I’ve met plenty of people through it, even going as far to meet up for lunch with a few of them in real life! These games can cultivate close friendships through progression of very difficult boss challenges, known as raids, and it’s a strange, sort of difficult to explain social experience.

Of course, stranger danger exists everywhere, and the internet is no exception - during high school, I was also stalked by a classmate, who went so far as to count my playtime hours in games with other people and compare them to my time with him. Doxing is no joke, and I don’t appreciate that the author of this article refuses to identify it as stalking, which is what it is. 
	

