For reading seven, IDYSLF, a website essay by Krystal South is very much an internet essay about one’s relation to the internet and technology. I found South showing the humanity of our interaction with the keyboard, yet the computer is not entirely human as it does not hold and reflect on its history like human. Yet again, the internet has history; which it then makes it a significant part of a person’s life. In this case the authors, and in the case of many of the ones reading and relating to one’s experience with the net. This article then fits into the thread of topics through our integrated life with technology and how it impacts as human beings. How are we using it for the greater good of ourselves, society and the world. Are we designing and regulating it the way it should be used and shared. To further go on that thought, how is our identity shaped with this time of new technical Renaissance?
 
Identity has been and still is being projected through technology through the way we create content on it, shared it as well as consume it. The way technology defines us as individuals in our world post internet is through how we think about it and continue to use it. For instance, an example would be addictive usage of it. How many hours of a day does one use a device or how many hours does one not use it? And depending on the usage, is it negatively affecting one’s relationship with oneself and others? There are also positive ways for our identity as a gamer, an influencer, a producer, content-creator, a happy consumer where one is happy to find oneself in these spaces where one may feel less alienated and comfortable or sometimes, less comfortable and more of self-growth. 

The difference between the left and right columns is that the articles are different and the sections relate to each other by how one's interaction and the topics. I did find it a bit confusing at first one column demands attention to be read as much as the first and I wanted to read it as fast as I could, it made the reading process a bit harder. The middle of the page also has parts of the internet, videos, pages, pictures and a lot of information. I am not quite sure the exact difference, but I do find it to be an interesting interactive read that is rather subtle. I makes me wonder how identity can be fluid.
 
 
 I also do find that Krystal South accurately talks about online identity in 2019 and does it through the many sections of identity (physical, mental, cultural, social, and meditative) the writer covers. In a sense, we are consuming the thing that keeps us connected in an unexpected and unanticipated way humans interacted with technology 300 years ago. But maybe not much has changed with our obsession to to technological developments, it is just that now, it is even more integrated and constantly develop faster by the paste the we grow next to it.  


As someone who also grew up with first a boxed tv and DVD players that soon became a desk computer with CD games and online access to children entertainment websites as well as games, I too have grown up with the net and aware of it’s changes and how it has become part of my identity as someone who uses it everyday. 


It all depends now on what everyone uses now and how we keep going back to it, whether through pocket screens or larger screens. We may seem to be disconnected from the physical around us at times, but it really is the worlds inside the net, like South mentions, that also connects together and make us feel less alone. There is a broad world on the internet with various ways to contribute, protect, and support what one values or are interested in. Therefore I end with one of the languages of populated internet slang that connects me with the people who use it and keep me in the times with my computer, LOL. 
