First of all, I love the article a lot. I think reading it was purely enjoyable. I love the way it presents into two parts, with some references appear gradually in the middle. It well explained technology, its unpredictability, and its charm.

“These digital networks have not only transformed our societal structure, they have also re-shaped our internal selves.” The internet, originally designed, for the purpose of communication. But like the article says, “we are hungry for more”. Look what we are doing with our computers now, it’s more than communication. I would like to say, we do everything now with our technology BUT communication. Why? Don’t we text people everyday on our phones? Don’t why put likes on other’s photos everyday on social media?... We do, but does that mean it’s the communication we intend it to be, from a hundred years ago? 

I remember when I was small, I was chatting with a stranger online and we fell in love with each other. We continued our “relationship” for years, and he even proposed to me. At that time, both of us didn’t realize how impractical it was because we were so attached to our “roles” on the internet, and we thought we’ve found our soulmates. Later on when I grew up, I cut off our connection. He will never know how I looks like, nor what I’m doing in my life right now. Vice versa. 

“We feel phantom vibrations in our pockets or as we drift off to sleep at night. We hear an alert and we all check our devices to see who got the message. The sounds are ubiquitous and we allow them to interrupt our most private moments. We are always connected, always listening, always watching for the next piece of feedback that brings us back into the loop of our virtual selves.”

Recently, I started dating someone. We really adore each other, and we always feel happy to spend time with each other. We are so alike that we often talk and share our thoughts through texting. We text almost everyday. This makes me feel both secure and insecure, what if I cut off our “virtual” connection again? Will we still be happy when see each other in person? Will we still feel attached? I can’t say the answer is absolutely no, but there are chances. How technology, shaped us, into these poetic, beautiful people with texts and symbols that represent our faces and share our privacy and vulnerability? And yet we don’t feel uncomfortable with it. 

Technology definitely shape who we are and our identities. Maybe it helps us to become what we want. However, I’m not sure if this is another evolutionary tragedy.
