Krystal South’s Identify Yourself touched on many subjects we have discussed so far throughout the semester. Right off the bat, South quotes Joseph Weizenbaum, a computer scientist who took part in the creation of artificial intelligence. According to him, we should never allow computers to make important decisions because they lack human qualities such as compassion and wisdom. Weizenbaum was basically afraid of his own creation. This reminded me about the New Ways of Seeing podcast, which told us that we should be kinder to computers and machines because they are not only a tool that provides answers, like South sees them, but a an opportunity to move forward and provide knowledge for others. 

South also asks, “Does our over-consumption of material goods stroke our appetite?” This brought to mind our constant want for the newest technology. A great example are the times when a new iPhone is released; immediately there is a group ready to upgrade even if their phone works perfectly fine. I do not think this trend will ever end, unless some sort of apocalypse happens. Moving away from the tangible, I believe material goods are also digital. When I was younger, I wondered why people bothered with subscriptions to games like RuneScape when the items in the game were not real. I came to realize that the time and effort we put into these games are very much real. There are also digital books we can buy and own on our computers. Although we may not be able to physically hold them and interact with them, the information and content they provide is also real. We can see how the digital platform has merged with the non-digital one, or what we call ‘IRL.’

It has never been easier to get instantaneous information. As long as we have internet access, which most do, and a phone or laptop we can search up whatever little thing we want and get a result. This has led to us being impatient, I think. If a site takes even a few seconds longer to search, we get annoyed. It makes me wonder how people will react when PG&E shuts down the power. Just in case, I made sure to charge my power banks and all other devices. I rely on them a lot like most people do. Internet and technology have allowed for more efficiency and suddenly taking that way can take lead to certain consequences. For example, I heard that UC Berkeley was cancelling classes due to the PG&E announcement. 

When I first saw Identify Yourself, I was confused as to how I was supposed to read it; the column format threw me off. As I read along, I realized that they corresponded to one another, especially the highlighted texts. For example, on the ‘Identity’ column it reads, “But information and images can make it into the world without your consent or knowledge. More importantly, they can be used in unintended ways, without your consent or knowledge.” The ‘Yourself’ column responds to that and drives this point forward with a personal experience, “I found myself having to create an account for an online message board to view what the posts were about, learning that they had been found and posted by someone to a board dedicated to a previously unknown to me fetish of women cutting their own hair.” South made an innocent image post that was then taken by another online community without her knowledge and given a different purpose. It can happen to anyone with an online presence. 
 
