 
After reading this article, one subject I can relate to is the public veil and persona section. I have a discord account and talk to both online and offline friends. When I mean offline friends, I mean friends I know in real life. I would say most of the time on discord, I would still usually interact the same as I do with my friends in person. But sometimes on the internet, I feel like I can say whatever I want with no consequences. I also feel like I have added more humor into the internet than in real life such as posting memes or acting funny. I also feel like I’ve invested so much time into discord that I would panic if my phone ran out of battery or if I don’t go onto discord for more than an hour. Sometimes when I hang out with my friends or do some errands, I would still check on discord to see what’s going on with my online friends. That’s when I realize I have an addiction to discord where I have to constantly keep checking when I’m not busy doing homework or project. The only con is having an addiction and I could’ve used those times for other activities or hobbies. The pros of this is that I am able to express myself freely. There are things I don’t feel comfortable speaking in person but when I speak to the chatroom, I felt very comfortable and many people tried to help me out or can relate to the problem or feeling I have. With discord, I was able to keep positive about life and didn’t feel alone when I’m living in the dorms at San Jose State University. 
 
The left side of the article discusses about the life in the internet. The right side of the article discusses how people invest their lives into the internet. I think this layout of the right and left column is very interesting. At some point, we see the highlighted sentences from both columns match up and see the difference of being in the internet and outside the internet. The quote on the left column, “Both games involve the transference of identify into a virtual space that, in effect, mirrors our own. The control of the user is complete; he or she can create, manipulate, or destroy their characters without consequence to their real lives,” discusses about what we can do in the game that won’t affect in real life. The quote on the right column, “This desire to have input into the system that came from playing games as a child persists now into my Internet approach,” discusses about what we put into our virtual self. 
 
I find that Krystal South accurately discusses about online identity in 2019. In life, we cannot control anything but through the internet, we can create our identity and control it easily. We become “god” in the internet and we start becoming addicted to this freedom and comfort zone where we can escape from reality. The internet is a “paradise” for some people where they can become who they want and type what they want. For some people, communication in person can be difficult due to shyness or can’t talk in public and many would just depend on the internet to talk to. This way they feel comfortable without having to make physical contact. 
