The world’s current environmental state of affairs has us looking towards technology for solutions. The burgeoning population, rapid extinction of flora, and rising CO2 levels are major hurdles that we face today. Overall, our rate of consumption versus the earth’s rate of production is greatly unbalanced, with humans using up resources at an alarmingly rapid rate. We are aiming to replenish include food, technology, shelter, and fuel, which all power our day to day needs. To do so, we must consider environmentally friendly ways to produce more resources.

We propose moving towards genetically modified organisms to build a more sustainable future.  Our hope is that the rise of engineered plants will lead to an increase in the numbers of pollinators, as well as more research into eco-friendly materials and designs. Genetically modified organisms can bring about changes such as increased health, food security, and advances in the biotechnology sector. This then leads to bees, who play a pivotal part in our ecosystem due to their roles as pollinators. Carpenter bees in particular are a notable species due to their solitary lifestyle. With the utilization of these insects, we can increase pollinator numbers, the amount of plants pollinated, and the levels of oxygen and CO2 present in the atmosphere. Furthermore, we have engineered “green” panels that use rainwater to sustain the genetically modified plants which are embedded into the panel itself. Our design is built to provide a home for a single carpenter bee in each panel, where they can reproduce and pollinate the plants. The modular panels will interlock with each other like a jigsaw puzzle, allowing them to cover any roof, regardless of the size and shape.

If successful, these factors can help undo the harmful damage that have been caused by humanity over the centuries. This proposal explores and expands upon our project, and we weigh the benefits of our plan against the negative consequences that could arise from carrying it through.
