The world’s current environmental state of affairs has us looking towards technology for solutions. The burgeoning population, rapid extinction of flora, and rising CO2 levels are major hurdles that we face today. Overall, our rate of consumption versus the earth’s rate of production is greatly unbalanced, with humans using up resources at an alarmingly rapid rate. We are aiming to replenish include food, technology, shelter, and fuel, which all power our day to day needs. To do so, we must consider environmentally friendly ways to produce more resources.

We propose moving towards genetically modified organisms to build a more sustainable future.  Our hope is that the rise of engineered plants will lead to an increase in the numbers of pollinators, as well as more research into eco-friendly materials and architectural designs. Genetically modified organisms can bring about changes such as increased health, food security, and advances in the biotechnology sector. This then leads to bees, who play a pivotal part in our ecosystem due to their roles as pollinators. Carpenter bees in particular are a notable species due to their solitary lifestyle. With the utilization of these insects, we can increase pollinator numbers, the amount of plants pollinated, and the levels of oxygen and CO2 present in the atmosphere. Furthermore, we have engineered “green” roof tiles that use rainwater to sustain the genetically modified plants which are embedded into the tiles themselves. Our design is built to provide a home for a single carpenter bee in each tile, where they can reproduce and pollinate the plants. The modular tiles will interlock with each other like a jigsaw puzzle, allowing them to cover any roof, regardless of the size and shape.

If successful, these factors can help undo the harmful damage that have been caused by humanity over the centuries. This proposal explores and expands upon our project, and we weigh the benefits of our plan against the negative consequences that could arise from carrying it through.

Traditional roofing tiles are designed to lead rain away from your home, preventing water damage. We are suggesting a type of roofing that instead of leading the rain away, the water is used to create a self sustaining miniature garden. Each roofing tile will be able to interlock with each other like a jigsaw puzzle, which would allow the roof tiles to cover any roof, regardless of the size and shape.The roof tiles will have 6 layers. The top layer of the roof tile is a thin organic cloth which embeds the seeds of our genetically modified plant. The second top layer will be 

organic dirt. The third layer will be an area that captures and contains water, made out of plastic. The fourth layer, can be considered the under layer of the tile; it is made out of wood and will be the home of the carpenter bee. “This proves that green roofs can reduce the thermal loading.”(2)

Genetically modified organisms have long been a topic of debate. There are many factors to go over when considering the implementation of GMOs into mainstream society. However, there are many factors pointing to genetically modified organisms as the solution to our environmental woes. Past and current tests with GMOs have yielded positive results. An example of such a result is the ability to ensure food security. GMOs would allow for more efficient food production, both in terms of growth of crops as well as higher levels of nutrition. This would bring stability to developing nations. Another major benefit would be the expansion of biodiversity and biotechnology. The path that agriculture is heading down is a dangerous one. For one, many agricultural techniques strip lands of their richness, thus forcing farmers to find alternative lands to use. Not only does this result in a dwindling amount of land available for crop cultivation, but it also takes away the space and resources that the plants and animals of this planet need to thrive. Moreover, GMOs require less maintenance, which will assist in bringing about a reduction in herbicide and pesticide usage, therefore lowering the planet’s pollution levels. Simultaneously, extra plant life will also help reduce pollution by taking in more CO2 and producing more oxygen.

However, there are several major points of contention surrounding genetically modified organisms. One of them is determining who would have the right to utilize GMOs. A situation in which this became a problem was when an enhanced strain of rice crops were introduced to farmers in India as a test run by the biotechnology company Monsanto. This GMO contained higher levels of vitamin A, which allowed poor, malnourished folk to more easily obtain nutrition. The experiment was a success, but a number of problems lingered afterwards. Firstly, there was the question of who owned this strain of rice. Businesses would like to patent new seeds and make a profit off of them. However, this would affect the wellbeing of the poverty stricken who depend on these crops for sustenance. It brings up a conflict of ethics that we have yet to properly address, as the interests of the general people versus that of corporations often clash.

Bees and other pollinators play a key role in various ecosystems. We depend upon them in order to pollinate our crops so we have food or materials. The solution to the increasing temperature and climate changes could be bees and genetically modified plants. With the encouragement in population using carpenter bees we could potentially increase our crop yields and minimize our carbon footprint with the assistance of these bees. With the addition of genetically modified plants, carpenter bees would be able to locally pollinate and encourage eco-friendly practices within society. These bees could be a potential solution to humanity’s ever-increasing issue with climate change. 

Today, our planet faces a simultaneous crisis of overproduction and famine. How are people unable to obtain the food and resources they need when we, at the same time, are forced to throw away produce because it rots before it can be eaten? With this invention, the ability to sustain oneself will be put into the people’s hands. By being able to sustain themselves with both food and oxygen, people will be in far less danger of shortages. These plants can offset the environmental impact that industrial production has on the CO2 ratio of the planet, therefore increasing air quality and livability for those who cultivate these plants.
In addition, by creating a space for safe pollination and growth of bees, we can help to solve the issue of colony collapse disorder that is currently plaguing our insect population. By discouraging the use of pesticides and increasing awareness of dangerous parasites that could harm them, this work seeks to not only develop food and plants, but also to cultivate a healthy environment for them for the future.

While such an approach has been taken in the past by genetics company Monsanto, our work does not seek to gain a monopoly on production of produce and seed for a country - at the same time, it will not alienate farmers who focus on large-scale production for a living. These plants and housings are designed for individuals who do not have easy access to imported goods. 
