Through watching Ways of Seeing, I couldn't help but compare the old and new ways of how people “see” things. The evolution of art and technology heavily impacted people’s perspective. It created a new way of living for all human beings. Appreciation of art has been altered through the innovation of technology. Like in the first episode, John Berger tackled the creation of camera, and how it affects the whole experience. 
My favorite quote from the first episode was “A large part of seeing depends upon habit and convention”. As time passes by, we all tend to pick up a habit that’s actively done within our surroundings. As our way of living changes, our habits also gets affected. If you go in a museum today, you most likely will see tons of people taking photos using their phones. Before, especially with the examples in John Berger’s videos-- people enjoyed the experience in the museum. They enjoyed looking at these paintings with no other agenda but to admire. The first episode revolves a lot around perspective. Even though it was directly talking about appreciation of art, specifically paintings, the connection of it to our present times. The second episode discussed the images of women and how they are portrayed through the European artwork. These women wondered how these paintings have shaped their images throughout the years. The paintings created had sexual characteristics that changed other people’s perspective. I heavily agree that these sexual characteristics have changed people’s perspective on women, especially men. The insights that the women in the video provided are still relevant today. Women are still fighting for their rights, especially in the media. I believe that history should be blamed for this, for their portrayal of women. 
The third video dives into the topic of oil paintings, and how it depicts a person’s status before. It talks about the high value of painting, and how it was a symbol of wealth. This episode also talks about how paintings are made, and each painstakingly detail created on it. “Works of art in other cultures and periods celebrated wealth and power”. Before, artworks were popular in terms of wealth and culture but in the present time-- technology is now more valued than oil paintings. I believe that oil paintings are still highly valued but technological devices gain more recognition and 
acknowledgement from everyone. The attention switched and it became today’s status of wealth. 
After watching these episodes, I realized that John Berger’s Ways of Seeing is highly connected to how we live today. Although the topics involved are about the old way of art appreciation, you could easily connect it with social problems that our society is facing today. From technology, images, life status or symbol-- these topics and the issues that come with it will continually arise. Visual arts or media plays an important part in depicting these social topics, as we human beings are centered on it. 
